	Sentence	Argument
0	 International tourism is now more common than ever before	0
1	 The last 50 years have seen a significant increase in the number of tourist traveling worldwide .	0
2	 While some might think the tourism bring large profit for the destination countries , I would contend that this industry has affected the cultural attributes and damaged the natural environment of the tourist destinations .	1
3	 Firstly , it is an undeniable fact that tourists from different cultures will probably cause changes to the cultural identity of the tourist destinations .	1
4	 Take Thailand for example , in the Vietnam War , many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities , these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded , even illegally involved in under - age prostitutes to maximize their profits .	1
5	 This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism .	1
6	 Therefore this proves that international tourism can create negative impacts on the destination countries .	1
7	 Secondly , there are clear evidences that tourism increasingly create harms to the natural habitats of the destination appeals .	1
8	 As the Australia ' s Great Barrier Reef has shown , the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder , namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat ' s anchors , dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions .	1
9	 For this reason , many marine lives have been endangered , in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species .	1
10	 Thus , it is apparent that tourism has threatened the nature environments .	1
11	 To conclude , I strongly believe that the tourism has created threatening pressure on both the sociocultural and natural environments .	1
12	 If authorities do not take steps to appropriately conserve these precious values , they will be destroyed in the near future .	0
13	 Living and studying overseas	0
14	 It is every student ' s desire to study at a good university and experience a new environment .	0
15	 While some students study and live overseas to achieve this , some prefer to study home because of the difficulties of living and studying overseas .	0
16	 In my opinion , one who studies overseas will gain many skills throughout this experience for several reasons .	1
17	 First , studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures .	1
18	 Compared to the peers studying in the home country , it will be more likely for the one who is living overseas to be successful in adapting himself / herself into new environments and situations in life .	1
19	 Second , living and studying overseas is an irreplaceable experience when it comes to learn standing on your own feet .	1
20	 One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness , living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life .	1
21	 Moreover , the one will learn living without depending on anyone else .	1
22	 Also , employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills .	1
23	 Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market .	1
24	 Therefore , one who has studied and lived overseas will become more eligible for the job than his / her peers .	1
25	 In conclusion , there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas .	1
26	 However , living and studying overseas gives the individual a new perspective on the subject that is studied or in general life .	1
27	 Studies abroad and the cultural aspect of the experience	0
28	 Studying abroad is one very common thing that students do , and they have different reasons for that .	0
29	 I believe that studying abroad has many advantages .	1
30	 Students gain a lot out of the experience personally , academically , and culturally .	1
31	 First of all , students who study outside their countries can get a lot of experience living in a foreign country .	1
32	 Living in a new country requires a great amount of flexibility and adaptability in one ' s character .	1
33	 For example , students might face many challenges in the host country .	1
34	 Therefore , they should be able to deal with the obstacles that they may encounter .	1
35	 Overcoming problems teaches the students how to be more mature and self - independence .	1
36	 One other important factor is the new academic experience that the students can obtain at the institution where they are pursuing their studies .	1
37	 For example , they will get exposed to a different educational system .	1
38	 They will meet new professors and new classmates which makes the academic experience different from that in their home country .	1
39	 Most important is the cultural aspect of the experience .	1
40	 While living in a foreign country , students can learn a lot about the culture of that country .	1
41	 Furthermore , they can meet different people of the country .	1
42	 They can learn about their way of thinking , their customs and traditions , and way of life .	1
43	 Learning about others ' cultures is so important .	1
44	 It contributes in building a new understanding in us of how we see the world .	1
45	 It makes us more open , and willing to accept different ideas and thoughts .	1
46	 Also it educates us about the world we are living in .	1
47	 In conclusion , studying abroad does not only have advantages , but also can change us in a very positive way .	1
48	 It can influence us in different aspects of life .	0
49	 Advertisements affects on consumer goods	0
50	 Everyday , companies offer a huge number of different products to consumers .	0
51	 The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising .	1
52	 However , it is not sufficient in itself .	1
53	 The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers .	1
54	 In my opinion , advertising is the major reason for high sales of a product for several reasons .	1
55	 We are mainly introduced to products through advertisements .	1
56	 Therefore , advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product .	1
57	 When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised , they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases .	1
58	 Recently , there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV .	1
59	 The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot .	1
60	 As a result of this , the number of that product being sold will increases .	1
61	 Also , the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media , the more popular the product becomes .	1
62	 Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well - known product .	1
63	 Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product .	1
64	 When a product is commonly used , it becomes trustworthy for the society , no matter what quality it is .	1
65	 However , it also has to be affordable for the consumer .	1
66	 Considering this fact , advertisements have undeniable affects on the society about the product being advertised .	1
67	 They make the product preferable .	1
68	 In conclusion , as I believe that consumers should consider major needs when they purchase goods , high sales are obviously a reflection of the powerful advertisements .	1
69	 Paying more money is the only motivation to make employees work harder	0
70	 The purpose of this essay is to discuss whether or not the only way to motivate employees to be more hard - working and productive is by raising their salaries .	0
71	 In this essay , I would start by analyzing the factors for higher yields and finish by stating my position on this .	0
72	 A raise or a promotion can no doubt increase the morale in the working places .	1
73	 Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss ' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile .	1
74	 For instance , junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students ' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want .	1
75	 If the teachers receive higher salaries , they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth , as this is what is happening in Taiwan .	1
76	 Nevertheless , I believe that creating an enjoyable working environment is more realistic and essential if one wishes an increase in productivity and better employee performances .	1
77	 Take Google for example , the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce .	1
78	 By doing this , the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured .	1
79	 To sum up , I believe that a higher pay can be one of the incentive if were to encourage harder - working employees .	1
80	 Alternatively , providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity since they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses .	1
81	 Advantages and disadvantages of the prevalent of English	0
82	 With the development of globalization , English became the dominated language in national trade , conference and many important events .	0
83	 This phenomenon has aroused a heated discussion in public .	0
84	 Some people claim that the prevalent of English brings a great number of benefits for people .	1
85	 First of all , it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly .	1
86	 In the ancient time , the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas .	1
87	 Fortunately , the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers .	1
88	 If we can popularize the use of English , the language hinder will disappear as well .	1
89	 In addition , English is a beautiful language , which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages .	1
90	 Learning English can foster people ' s sentiment and nourish their literature and art .	1
91	 However , the opponents believe that the dominated status of English has destroyed culture diversity and many less - used languages become extinct .	1
92	 Even English is a sophisticated language ; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries , which have totally different linguistic system .	1
93	 It is undeniable that language contains many aspects of people ' s daily life , which is influenced by culture , environment as well as religious .	1
94	 Obviously , these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity .	1
95	 Personally , English as an elegant language should be advocated in many fields to expand the global trade and communications .	1
96	 But , we still need preserve other languages for sake of keeping the linguistic and cultural diversity .	1
97	 Computers - use , future prospects and over - dependence	0
98	 Computer - a device which has given a whole new dimension to the human life .	0
99	 Ever since Charles Babbage ( know as Father of computers ) invented computers , its development never had a pause .	0
100	 The whole world is dependent on computers , without which , the world will go back hundreds of years .	1
101	 In the modern world , computers are used everywhere .	1
102	 Right from flying planes to sending a small document , computers are needed .	1
103	 They are used in space programs , wars , hospitals , schools and so on .	1
104	 Computers have made human life more easy , convenient and lightning fast .	1
105	 For example , in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country , it used to take months .	1
106	 But today , it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks .	1
107	 Computers provide speed , increase efficiency , accuracy , precision , help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it .	1
108	 Moreover , future prospects of computers are very bright .	1
109	 From a computer as big as a room , it has now been minimized to the size of a palm .	1
110	 Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels .	1
111	 Research on making computerized drone soldiers ( unmanned computer controlled ) is going on .	1
112	 There is no end to the evolution of computers .	1
113	 However , everything has pros and cons .	0
114	 Computers have made humans over - dependent .	1
115	 Virus programs , privacy breach , leak of confidential documents , cyber attacks , identity theft , frauds etc . are some of its demerits , from a countless list .	1
116	 Computers expose children to vulgar materials .	1
117	 They have even invaded mental health of humans , for example , FAD ( Facebook Addiction Disorder - excessive use of social networking website Facebook ) .	1
118	 Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives .	1
119	 The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful .	1
120	 Nevertheless , with all the mentioned demerits , computers have provided security and sophistication too .	1
121	 Thus , dependence on computers is not a bad thing .	1
122	 However , one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things .	0
123	 Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective .	0
124	 Human life today can ' t be imagined without computers , so not depending on them is out of question .	0
125	 Should government control media crime	0
126	 The soaring crime rate has led to the proposal that it is time for the government to take action to control the proliferation of violent scenes in media .	1
127	 Obviously , violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences .	0
128	 This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who , lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong , are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviors and committing real violent crimes as they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable .	1
129	 On the other hand , media , such as TV or film , is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government .	1
130	 It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society .	1
131	 Violence , as one of the facts in the real world , certainly has to be reported .	1
132	 However , excessive violence would offer misleading information to the public and exert detrimental influence to the society as well .	1
133	 It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen - year - old boy killed all his family members , one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy .	1
134	 In the real world , we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure .	1
135	 We cannot deny that our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present .	1
136	 What the government should do immediately is to strengthen censorship to control the amount of violence in media .	1
137	 Otherwise , the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday .	0
138	 Should all the advertisements be banned ?	0
139	 Never in history was advertising industry so developed as in modern society and it has led to some adverse sentiments in public because some deliver exaggerated and fake information .	0
140	 Hence whether we should ban all the advertisements or not has aroused much controversy of the public .	0
141	 My view is that while some of them are disturbing , we can not overlook other merits the advertisements bring .	1
142	 First , it is unfair to restrict those public service advertisements which are creative and inspiring .	1
143	 In fact , they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture , good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor .	1
144	 Besides , it is obvious that publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies .	1
145	 In a larger sense , it could simulate household spending and therefore promote the economic development of the whole country .	1
146	 A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign , the sales revenue would increase by 40 % , which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic .	1
147	 That is not to say , however , that advertisements have no downsides .	0
148	 Of course , the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information , creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies .	1
149	 Yet , its merits still outweigh these downsides .	1
150	 Taken all together , advertisements have its social responsibility and contribute to economic growth .	1
151	 We can not deny all of them .	0
152	 However , if those with exaggerated and fake information could be banned , advertisements would be welcomed by more .	0
153	 The best way to relax is by exercises	0
154	 In modern society , people often face many difficulties under great stress .	0
155	 Therefore , it is necessary for many to find ways to relax .	0
156	 Although miscellaneous people may apply diverse strategies , such as reading , watching movies , or working in their gardens , I argue that the most suitable method of reducing stress for modern people is by different kinds of exercise , which can not only improve health conditions but also bring positive emotions .	1
157	 It is not surprised that exercise play a crucial role in ameliorating physical health .	1
158	 Any kinds of sports , such as jogging , swimming , or playing basketball , can effectively facilitate human respiration and circulation system .	1
159	 Moreover , these sports can also strengthen muscles and lessen surplus adipose tissues in human body .	1
160	 The latter one is of particular importance because nowadays more and more people are suffer from obesity .	1
161	 Many studies has points out that numbers of overweight people have increased in developed countries in recent years , which mainly results from insufficient exercises .	1
162	 Sports activities can improve mental health as well .	1
163	 When people exercise , the neuron cells in the brain release a chemical compound named Dopamine .	1
164	 This hormone can delight one ' s mind , creating positive feelings .	1
165	 Thus good exercises can often successfully alleviating one ' s heavy burdens .	1
166	 Moreover , rigorous exercise can also hone one ' s will , which enable people to be able to tackle stringent problems and arduous tasks .	1
167	 In a nutshell , many activities can let humans relax .	1
168	 Nevertheless , I assert that the best way of diminishing stress is by exercises , which can benefit everyone not only physically but also mentally .	1
169	 Zoos should be banned	0
170	 Children tend to visit zoos where various kinds of wild creatures could be seen .	0
171	 When it comes to whether zoos should exist on contemporary society , animal - right activists strongly recommended that wildlife belong to natural environment and zoos should be banned .	0
172	 I would not go along with their viewpoint as zoos have irreplaceable benefits in terms of animal preservation and children education .	1
173	 There is no denying that our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco - system , which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals .	1
174	 In contrast , zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals as various animals could be better protected by specialized staff .	1
175	 Once the animal got sick , professional vet will help them promptly .	1
176	 Thanks to the considerate care , the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed .	1
177	 Additionally , zoos afford a platform to education teenagers , helping to establish eco - friendly behavior towards animals .	1
178	 In the zoos , even though wild animals are caged , they have capability to walk in a limited area .	1
179	 When children pay a visit to the zoos , they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals , which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals .	1
180	 Further , children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers .	1
181	 On the other hand , complained about the drawbacks of zoos are often heard .	1
182	 It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage .	1
183	 Also , being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals .	1
184	 In order to protect animals , from my perspective , zoos offer a good man - made environment which could prolong the life span of wild animals and cultivate the notion of protecting animals .	1
185	 What the zoos should do is improvement of the management system and use the income wisely in preserving wild animals better .	0
186	 Advertising - positive or negative part of our lives	0
187	 Nowadays , the use of advertisement through different forms of media such as newspapers , radio and television has become very prevalent , so it is thought to be a necessary part of today ' s society .	0
188	 Many believe that advertising has brought great benefits to lives therefore it should be considered a positive activity while others have held a complete different idea about this .	0
189	 Both views will be critiqued before a reasonable conclusion is drawn .	0
190	 First , it is generally understood that advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more .	1
191	 Advertisements are , therefore , very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits .	1
192	 Also , to consumers , advertising can bring them many benefits .	1
193	 For example , customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans .	1
194	 From all of these , it is easy to see why the idea that advertising is a positive part of life will garner strong support .	0
195	 However , it can be seen that some people have argued against advertising due to its negative impacts .	0
196	 Firstly , a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses , this is generally known as spam , and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people .	1
197	 Secondly , advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results .	1
198	 Therefore , advertising is believed by many , a financial burden to businesses .	1
199	 In conclusion , after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising , both of the views have strong support , but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad .	1
200	 Thus , the idea that advertising is a positive part of life can be more supported .	1
201	 It is better for children to grow up in the countryside than in a big city ?	0
202	 Nowadays living is possible on every place of the world , but still there are some differences among them .	0
203	 From my point of view big cities can be a good place for bringing up children .	1
204	 To begin with , it is undeniable that education is better in big cities in comparison with countrysides .	1
205	 For instance , in my country the best schools , universities and institutes are located in cities , and todays education is one of the most important parts of our children ' s life .	1
206	 Therefore , it is a good idea for children to past their first earlier life in the cities .	1
207	 What is more , it is acknowledged that a large number of creational facilities are built in cities .	1
208	 Children who live in cities have a lot of entertainment .	1
209	 For example playgrounds , parks , science museums , cinemas etc .	1
210	 However , in countrysides we hardly ever see creational facilities .	1
211	 Children who live in countrysides most of the time pass their free time in farms .	1
212	 Finally , in big cities children access to media easily , so they can learn a lot of things by watching television and surfing through the net .	1
213	 Via internet they can have connection with the other children all around the world , therefor they can exchange their knowledge , they can learn different cultures .	1
214	 To sum up , although countrysides have some advantages such as fresh air , peace , and etc .	1
215	 Today ' s children needs somethings to entertain them , and occupy their leisure time in the best way .	1
216	 A single international language or not ?	0
217	 The 21st century has witnessed the sweeping trends of globalization , which raises people ' s concerns about whether a single international language should be a necessity or not .	0
218	 From my perspective , a universal language playing the dominant role in the international community is of vital significance to global people .	1
219	 It is especially true if we consider the fact that a single international language plays a pivotal role in global economic cooperation .	1
220	 As businessmen from different countries have access to the same language , they can communicate with each other more efficiently and deeply on trade , which can intensify the transnational cooperation .	1
221	 In contrast , without the availability of the same language , there might be a chance that misunderstanding and conflicts would ensue over business negotiations , impeding collaborations between them .	1
222	 Therefore , a single international language serves an economic purpose .	1
223	 Also , a universal language is an integral part of cultural communication and interactions .	1
224	 If people are equipped with a single international language , they can tell each other smoothly about their countries ' specific cultures such as the traditional customs or the modern lifestyles , which enables people to expand their outlooks , viewing the world in new angles .	1
225	 For example , when people travel to foreign countries , the local people can introduce the tourist attractions to such people with the command of the universal language , helping foreign visitors have an enjoyable exotic experience .	1
226	 In spite of this , the disadvantages of the promotion of a universal language cannot be denied .	0
227	 To be more specific , a single international language may , to some extent , erode the cultural identity of a nation .	1
228	 This is because people may be impressed by the cultural values brought with the universal language , eroding a sense of national belong .	1
229	 For instance , some Asians are seeking individualism , previously denied by many Asian countries , due to the fact that they have gradually identified with such values expressed in American movies , which are imported by the governments as a result of the proliferation of English .	1
230	 Therefore , I would conclude that a single international language contributes to global community in terms of economic and cultural communication .	1
231	 On the other hand , every country should by no means disregard the preservation of their own cultural heritage .	1
232	 Roles of international sports events	0
233	 Whenever an international sporting occasion like the football World Cup takes place , it attracts millions of people all over the world .	0
234	 As sport has become a common passion which passed over every national border , popular sports events can help reduce international tensions remarkably and promote national prides safely .	1
235	 First and foremost , sports events are good chances for excellent athletes to meet and learn valuable experiences from one another so that they can improve their results , break records and bring victories to their own countries .	1
236	 Because a large number of people will gather in the host city for sport events , there are many good opportunities for discovering different cultures .	1
237	 Consequently , sport events with the spirit of healthiness , honesty and fairness can help strengthen understanding , friendship and solidarity among nations .	1
238	 After sharing competitive but interesting moments in each competition , the competitors often shake hands friendly and congratulate the winners , which can lead to an improvement in the relationships among nations .	1
239	 Secondly , sporting occasions play an essential role in raising patriotic emotions in both athletes and spectators .	1
240	 Seeing national flags be honored may be the most emotional moments to each athlete .	1
241	 The athlete also seems to be more aware of his responsibilities and he wants to contribute more to his beloved country .	1
242	 When witnessing our national flags flying proudly among others , many of us can stop hiding our pride and happiness .	1
243	 For instance , when Vietnam became the champion of SEAGAMES for the first time in 2008 , a festival atmosphere permeated into the streets .	1
244	 People from all ages turned out to the streets with flags , banners and they sang aloud songs of Ho Chi Minh President .	1
245	 The eager atmosphere lasted many next days .	1
246	 In fact , some hooligans were so excited that they took part in motor racing or using fireworks illegally .	1
247	 However , the hooligans only took a minority of people .	1
248	 Therefore , it can be said that sport events help to wake up love and responsibilities strongly in each citizen .	1
249	 In conclusion , international sporting occasions are not only one of the effective solutions to tensions among nations but also a stimulant for releasing patriotic emotions safely .	1
250	 Hence , I recommend that big sports events should be held more frequently in the future .	0
251	 Children engagement in paid work	0
252	 In many countries , children are educated from their young age to be independent and responsible for their actions .	0
253	 Their parents allow them to take some jobs because these jobs can help them learn and take responsibilities .	0
254	 However , some people think it ' s not a good educational measure .	0
255	 From my point of view , the benefits of children engagement in paid work outweigh its drawbacks .	1
256	 First of all , children can learn about the hardship of earning money .	1
257	 When they take some kind of paid work such as looking after babies , doing housework and keeping shops , they will have some life experience and skills which make them mature and can deal with many different situations in real life .	1
258	 Therefore , they are likely to understand their parents ' hardship , to respect values of money and to form a good habit of saving .	1
259	 Secondly , when children take jobs , they tend to be more responsible because whether they can earn money or not will depend on their effectiveness and attitudes in working .	1
260	 To keep their jobs , children will have to try their best to finish their duties .	1
261	 For example , if a child works as a shop assistant , he will have to keep an eye on good and products , calculate prices correctly and take responsibilities for any lost .	1
262	 Some people may argue that children will be more material , neglect their study for earning money or be exploited by the employers .	1
263	 However , if children get good care and instructions from their parents , they can take advantages of the work to learn valuable things and avoid going in a wrong way .	1
264	 In conclusion , if children take part in some kind of paid work with their parents ' permission , they can learn lively lessons and become mature and responsible .	1
265	 I recommend that parents should help their children to choose a suitable job which does not affect their children ' s study and that the government should have right policies to avoid exploiting children ' s labour .	0
266	 Jury must have access to criminals ' past records	0
267	 Courts of many countries provide a jury with the history of a defendant , except those of the UK and Australia .	0
268	 Common belief that a jury should obtain all information regarding a suspect has fostered some lawyers to protest against the current rules in those two countries .	0
269	 Many people hold the opinion that past behaviour determines the future actions , which could be the main reason to support the idea of revealing the record to the jury .	1
270	 We must acknowledge that complete data concerning the history of a sued person creates more opportunity for jury members to build an overall picture of defendant ' s personality .	1
271	 Furthermore , past record might be useful to decide whether a person was able to perform a certain type of crime when it concerns serious crimes , such as kidnapping or a murder .	1
272	 Nevertheless , in order for the jury to come up with an objective decision not depending on the past experience , the court should provide with details relevant to a particular case only .	1
273	 For instance , a defendant with number of past crimes has more chance to be found guilty compared to a person with no or lighter criminal record .	1
274	 Innocent suspects , eventually , can face unfair juridical decision and pay twice for their previous inadequate actions .	1
275	 In conclusion , I am skeptical about disclosing the defendant ' s history to the jury , with intention to avoid subjective and probable inaccurate verdict .	1
276	 Thus , I strongly support the current laws of Great Britain and Australia , and would not change the regulations on keeping the jury unaware of past actions .	1
277	 The Internet is an adequate source of academic information	0
278	 Over the past few decades , the world has witnessed a long stride in technological modernization , especially in field of education .	0
279	 This has enabled university lecturers to post their lessons on the web for the sake of students .	0
280	 Consequently , direct interactions between teachers and learners have been deemphasized .	0
281	 However , the impact of the Internet on schooling is still an intriguing issue which has sparked a heated debate among educationists .	0
282	 Personally , I believe that the Internet will pave way for a more accessible and convenient learning .	1
283	 First and foremost , the Internet is an adequate source of academic information , which will potentially fulfill the needs of university pupils .	1
284	 Nowadays , not only are lectures available online , it is also applicable to find reference e - books as well as multi - aspect documents on the cyberspace .	1
285	 As such , the Internet has grown to become the largest virtual library ever .	1
286	 Moreover , with the use of the Internet , distance and time seem to be no more a hindrance .	1
287	 College students can save their time browsing for necessary information through the web instead of spending hours wandering in bookstores or libraries .	1
288	 Last but not least , the Internet offers a more effective and practical method of studying .	1
289	 While virtual flowcharts and animations may simplify complicated scientific processes , Google and Wikipedia are always accessible for detailed responses to every query .	1
290	 In the near future , the Internet will become an indispensable part in academic training , for the enormous benefits that it brings about .	1
291	 Have you ever imagined what it would be like to stay at home and attend a lecture by a famous speaker in Finland simultaneously ?	1
292	 This fairy tale turns out to be true thanks to technical and internet advances .	1
293	 Critics may argue that the Internet have several drawbacks which can affect the education system negatively , for instance internet abuse and black webs .	1
294	 However , we should bear in mind that these problems are mainly triggered by students ' wrong approach towards the Internet not the Internet itself .	1
295	 Thus , what we are to do is a change in learners ' attitude not an elimination of the Internet from academic study .	1
296	 After analyzing both points of view , I would like to reiterate the necessity of the Internet in learning process .	1
297	 It is obvious that the benefits of the Internet undoubtedly outweigh its disadvantages .	0
298	 However , it is not just the matter of help or hindrance , it is the way you use the cyberspace .	0
299	 Be wise and conscious .	0
300	 Early retirement for 55 + employees to help younger people	0
301	 Nowadays the discussion about whether the businesses are supposed to prescribe the retirement age at fifty - five to offer more job vacancies for younger generation has become a controversy .	0
302	 Some believe that is a perfect attempt to support the young , others claim that this is not the case .	0
303	 Admittedly , encouraging the workers to retire at age of fifty - five to release the positions for younger job seekers has some merits .	1
304	 Firstly , fresh graduates are likely to bring a number of practical and applicable ideas to meet the current needs of the organisation .	1
305	 This is because they have been instilled and imparted the most updated knowledge and skills at universities .	1
306	 Secondly , having a larger proportion of young adults could enhance the working effectiveness and efficiency .	1
307	 Compared with aged staffs , younger employees are often physically stronger and energetic which enables them to carry out heavy workload to meet the deadline .	1
308	 However , sacrificing the senior members to save the young workers poses several negative influences .	1
309	 From personal level , it fosters a sense of unfairness between the older and younger generations .	1
310	 It is undeniable that every person within the business enterprise has the rights to proceed their work as long as they are capable of doing it , disregard the age and physical capacity .	1
311	 From social perspective , massively forcing the early retirement would be one of financial burden to the local government .	1
312	 For example , sufficient pension payments and regular medical care should be given and arranged for the senior citizens after they have been imposed to terminate their employment permanently .	1
313	 In conclusion , even though the introduction of the early retirement has some benefits , it is convincing that it would generate a sense of discrimination among different age groups and increase the government financial pressure accordingly .	1
314	 Can technology alone solve the world ' s environmental problems ?	0
315	 It is irrefutable that progress in technology leads to environmental problems .	0
316	 Some individuals are of the opinion that if people live a simple life and do not use the things that technology has brought us then these problems can be solved whereas others opine that only technology can solve these problems .	0
317	 In the following paragraphs , I intend to discuss both viewpoints .	0
318	 Some people say that if humans stop using technology and lead a simple way of life then only we can save the environment .	1
319	 They argue that it is the luxuries people use which damages the environment .	1
320	 If people don ' t use air conditioners , automobiles and other such things that technology has brought us , then naturally there would be less pollution and natural resources like fossil fuels would be saved and all this would save the environment .	1
321	 On the other hand there are people who say that technology alone could save the environment .	1
322	 They opine that now we have come so far ahead in technology that there is no going back .	1
323	 We cannot ask the people of the jet age to go back to the age of the bullock cart .	1
324	 There are a lot of advances going on technology which are helping the environment a lot .	1
325	 One prime example is finding solutions to water problems in developing countries such as Africa .	1
326	 By pressurising sea water to produce vapour jets and filtering them through carbon nano tubes , we can get clean drinking water from sea water - an almost inexhaustible resource .	1
327	 Furthermore , Japan is working to build a working space solar power system by 2030 .	1
328	 By drawing on the colossal energy of the sun , it could meet the entire world ' s electricity requirements indefinitely without nuclear or GHG emissions .	1
329	 If successful , the impact on the world would be monumental .	1
330	 It would mean energy for schools , hospitals , and homes .	1
331	 It would mean another industrial revolution .	1
332	 To put it in a nutshell , I pen down saying that , technology alone can solve the world ' s environmental problems .	1
333	 We are finally entering an era where engineering and technology are making the world a better place .	0
334	 It would be highly unpractical to ask people to adopt a simpler way of life .	0
335	 Computers replace human teachers	0
336	 With the number of technological advances growing apace , it is generally believed that Internet and computers will supplant the traditional role of teachers in a not too distant future .	0
337	 This idea may point out to two main directions , both of which present different arguments .	0
338	 Central to the supporting arguments of this issue is the idea that the global online network is the inexhaustible source of information , which definitely exceeds the fund of knowledge that any veteran teacher can accumulate .	1
339	 Internet and computer also offer a more comprehensive access to knowledge , ranging from visual to aural stimuli , which make learning an ever enjoyable experience , especially for children .	1
340	 On the other hand , critics of this idea maintain that although the educational benefits that the Internet may yield are undeniable , there still remain certain shortcomings .	0
341	 Much information as the Internet may provide , most of the sources are unjustified by experts .	1
342	 As a result , information from those sources is subject to question .	1
343	 Admittedly , the computer can show whether an answer to a particular question is right or wrong but it cannot give as an in - depth explanation as a human teacher can .	1
344	 Through face - to - face communication , teachers can also pinpoint the weaknesses of each student and therefore , adjusting and tailoring his or her teaching methodology to meet the levels or the demands of those students .	1
345	 This is where the computer proves to be incompetent .	1
346	 In short , although both sides have their equally valid arguments , I am inclined to think that although Internet can be a useful tool for education , at no time will the unique role of human teachers be replaced .	1
347	 One or two close friends vs . a large number of casual acquaintances	0
348	 There is no need for me to put any emphasis on the advantage of having a large number of casual acquaintance .	0
349	 However , I still agree that it ' s better to have one or two close friends than to have a large number of casual acquaintances .	1
350	 We can not deny that being a friend with someone is different from only being acquaintant .	1
351	 First , it ' s not easy to make friend with anyone .	1
352	 I believe friends are people who have great compatibility with each other .	1
353	 After two years in college I have found sometimes there is more differences between people than similarities , for we are growing in the different families and was educated in various ways .	1
354	 Sometimes acquaintances are just acquaintances .	1
355	 We spend time together but we could never be friend .	1
356	 So , it ' s much easier to have some casual acquaintances than have some close friends .	1
357	 Second , close friends can easily understand each others feelings .	1
358	 Because of the similarity I talked before , acquaintances probably not able to understand you better than your friends .	1
359	 Moreover , they wouldn ' t even spare time to consider your feelings .	1
360	 Everyone play the role of acquaintance and friend at the same time .	1
361	 Being friendly is a good way to treat a acquaintance but way not enough for a friend .	1
362	 When my friend is sick , I would not only ask if he is okay like an acquaintance but do my best to make him get well as soon as possible .	1
363	 If my friend is going to the wrong direction in his life trail , I will try my best to pull him back , but not stand and stare like it ' s not of my business .	1
364	 And I believe my friend will do the same to me .	1
365	 In conclusion , a friend is a person you care about .	1
366	 To me , friends are the most important people in my life second to my family .	1
367	 I am the kind of person who has only one or two close friends , and I am fully content that I have such nice friends .	0
368	 If someone exchange my friends with thousands of acquaintances , I will definitely say NO .	0
369	 Living in a higher pace is better	0
370	 There is a hotly debated issue over whether people have to live at a higher or lower pace , and this topic can also be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .	0
371	 Some people tend to be hurry to complete their tasks , while others seem to prefer the opposite position .	0
372	 After deeply pondering over this issue , I also develop my own perspective .	0
373	 I favor the former ; that is , I prefer to live in a higher pace condition .	1
374	 The first and foremost reason lies in the inevitable fact that we need to save time for accomplishing some important tasks , and a fitting example of which can be found in my experience of missing exam .	1
375	 I just failed to participate in the university entrance exam because I thought I had enough time for eating breakfast and transporting to the testing place ; while I was stocked in a traffic jam and then missed the first test .	1
376	 Therefore , we can start to agree that we have to be eager in our lives .	1
377	 Apart from the one I have mentioned above , another equally important aspect is keeping in high pace condition can prevent me from getting lazy .	1
378	 If I can avoid being a sluggish person , I can have a higher probability of fulfilling my dream successfully .	1
379	 For instance , I had spent more time on practicing playing piano so that I won a piano competition , defeating those spending less time on practicing .	1
380	 Hence , from this case we are capable of stating that keeping our pace higher is important .	1
381	 Admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some people proclaiming that with a slower pace can enjoy their lives more because it is not necessary for them to notice the time control or acquire the fame of succeed .	1
382	 However , from my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying .	0
383	 I do not think that those people with slower pace losing the piano competition can be really happy .	1
384	 In contrast , it is really joyful for me that I can immerse in the joy of the victory and accomplishment .	1
385	 Based on the reasons demonstrated above , I believe that living in a higher pace is better because the advantages of this are qualitatively greater than that of the opposite .	1
386	 In other words , I prefer to live in high pace .	1
387	 It is not to say , of course that other points of view are totally without merit .	0
388	 Still , I am firmly convinced that the reasons I proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and plausible .	0
389	 Teachers lesson vs other sources	0
390	 The way in which children today study is radically different from any previous generations , and the increased availability and relatively low price of modern technology has been instrumental in this change .	0
391	 Despite the argument of some people that learners can obtain more useful knowledge from teachers than from other sources , I firmly believe that both alternative sources and traditional teaching methods from educators are equally important in children ' s acquisition of knowledge .	1
392	 It is undeniable that the widespread of alternative sources of knowledge has played an important role in students ' acquisition of knowledge .	1
393	 Computers can be programmed to provide an endless numbers of questions in diverse range of fields , and as the students answer these questions , the facts has been learned and reinforced .	1
394	 A case in point is the reading and listening parts of TOEFL iBT exams , as candidates have to answer many questions in a limited period of time .	1
395	 Moreover , when students have some academic problems , they can post those to some websites and receive correct answers from unknown people in faraway places without any costs .	1
396	 Besides , in the past , conducting a research require long hours of searching in library shelves , now all can be done at a click of a button .	1
397	 Thus , technologies are vital in students ' learning .	1
398	 On the other hand , schools and university are places in which students gather to be educated and learn from each others as well as formal educators .	1
399	 At schools , students ' development has been orchestrated stage by stage , step by step by experienced teachers , and their acquisition of knowledge is guided and backed up in a systematic way .	1
400	 Therefore , formal education approaches are also indispensable .	1
401	 To put it all in a nutshell , I pen out saying that alternative sources information and traditional education systems are equally important in children ' s development .	1
402	 So students should learn both from their teachers as well as modern technology to gain the best learning outcome .	0
403	 Protect animals or not ?	0
404	 Many animals today are in danger of extinction owing to various reasons .	0
405	 While some people believe it is important to protect these endangered species , others argue that problems of human beings deserve more attention .	0
406	 In my opinion , we should give priority to our own issues .	1
407	 Animal protectionists may base their argument on the ground that biodiversity is essential to maintain the balance of ecosystem .	1
408	 If certain species are absent from this system , such kind of balance is likely to be disrupted and other species , including human beings , will come under threat .	1
409	 Therefore , it is our responsibility to keep as many species on the Earth as possible .	1
410	 However , I think species extinction is quite natural according to the theory of evolution .	1
411	 The environment on the Earth has been transformed many times since the first species came into being .	1
412	 A great number of plants and animals died out because they were unable to fit into the new environment .	1
413	 On most occasions , the process of extinction of some species is irrevocable and we can do nothing about it .	1
414	 Furthermore , human beings nowadays are still faced with many urgent problems such as starvation , disease and wars .	1
415	 When these problems are taken into account , extinction of some animals recedes greatly in importance and it is not sensible to devote our limited resources to animals that have been past help .	1
416	 We should put our own survival and sustainment in order first before considering the conservation of other species .	1
417	 In conclusion , more emphasis should be laid on human beings other than animals , and it is better to let nature take its course with regard to species extinction .	1
418	 Improved medical care	0
419	 Along with the development of technologies , advanced medical care has played an important role in the improvement of life expectancy .	0
420	 Although the increase in life expectancy has some pressure on the Medicare system , I am inclined to believe that the advanced medical care brings with it more benefits than disadvantages .	1
421	 The main advantage of high - tech medical care is that people are better taken care so that they have a good health .	1
422	 They can contribute effectively to the development of the economy because healthy workers can create more productivity .	1
423	 In other words , they do not have to spend more time in health checking or treatment so this saves an amount of time as well as cost .	1
424	 In addition , a community with the elderly who have a good health has a major role to play in a sustainable development of a society .	1
425	 In facts , young people will be happy as their parents , grandparents are healthy .	1
426	 It can be said that the improvement of medical care makes a better life for all people .	1
427	 On the other hand , some people maintain that the increase in life expectancy puts a high pressure on the economic system because more pension have to spend for Medicare instead of investing in other sectors of the economic system .	1
428	 Although it is real in some aspects , I believe that the capital that spend on taking care the elderly is contributed by these people during their working time , so they are worth to have good care .	1
429	 They have given their effort to the society so that young people , the governments have a responsibility to improve the Medicare system .	1
430	 By way of conclusion , it is true that the development of the health care system helps people have a better life .	1
431	 It helps people build a sustainable society where people can live a happy life when they are old .	1
432	 The opportunity to receive education from university	0
433	 There are many factors that contribute to one ' s success .	0
434	 However , which factor is the most influential one is open to debate .	0
435	 Some people believe that nowadays the assitance from family is quite a essential factor in one ' s success .	0
436	 It seems that one can achieve success more easily with the help from his or her family .	1
437	 I agree with this statement .	0
438	 In my opinion , family plays a more important role in helping one to pursuit success .	1
439	 There are a couple of reasons .	0
440	 First of all , more and more people have the opportunity to receive education from university .	1
441	 Since our parents receive better education than our grandparents did , they can provide more advices and helps in our career .	1
442	 In the past , seldom people have the chance to attend a collage .	1
443	 For example , my grandparents did not get a education even in high school , so when my father had difficulty in solving a problem in his childhood , he had to go to his teacher for help .	1
444	 Things have changed a lot .	1
445	 I grow up in a better condition than my father did .	1
446	 Whenever I have problems , I can always ask my parents for help .	1
447	 They can solve the problem quickly because they have learned quite a lot .	1
448	 What is more , family members can help us in many other aspects .	1
449	 For example , when I did not know what major to choose when I attend university , my father told a lot about different majors .	1
450	 He shared his own experience with me , which helped me quite a lot .	1
451	 Parents are quite experienced than their child , they can guide them toward the right direction .	1
452	 Besides , parents can told their children as many as they can .	1
453	 What they want is help their child to make a progress .	1
454	 In a word , our parents and other family members can help us a lot in our life .	1
455	 I believe that with the help of our family , we can achieve success quite easily .	1
456	 Living with a roommate is better than Living alone	0
457	 Many single people have difficulties deciding whether to live with a roommate or to live alone .	0
458	 Each makes different decisions .	0
459	 Some people choose to live alone for privacy , while others choose to live with a roommate for practical reasons .	0
460	 As far as I am concerned , I prefer to live with a roommate .	1
461	 This is because it saves me money , enables me to socialize , and allows me to get help .	1
462	 Living with a roommate saves me a lot of money .	1
463	 If you have roommates , you can split the rent and utilities among them .	1
464	 This means you can get more for less .	1
465	 For example , last year , I shared a room off - campus with my friend , and we decided to split the rent and heating bills into half : I was able to save about fifty dollars for heating , and two hundred dollars for rent monthly .	1
466	 I was able to save a lot of money by sharing wasted heating and rooms with my friend and splitting the bills .	1
467	 Apart from saving a lot of money , living with a roommate also enables me to socialize more easily .	1
468	 It is always easier to socialize when you have a lot of people around you .	1
469	 You can invite your roommates ' friends over to your room and have fun together .	1
470	 For instance , one night , my roommate , Millan , brought his friends along .	1
471	 Even though his friends and I were total strangers to each other , we quickly got to know each other .	1
472	 We soon found out that everyone loved playing video games .	1
473	 We played a video game called ' Halo ' together all night , and became good friends .	1
474	 Living with a roommate made socializing much easier for me .	1
475	 Finally , living with a roommate allows me to get help .	1
476	 It often is the case that your roommates have the skills or knowledge you need .	1
477	 When you run into a problem , you can ask your roommates if they can help .	1
478	 Some of them may have something to offer .	1
479	 To illustrate , when my computer mysteriously broke down , I dialed up the manufacturer and asked for help .	1
480	 They failed to give me any useful solutions .	1
481	 To my surprise , one of my roommates noticed my problems and offered to help .	1
482	 He was very good with computers , and he managed to fix the problem quickly .	1
483	 In conclusion , while many people decide to live alone for various reasons , I prefer to live with a roommate , and I always will .	1
484	 This is because it offers me many advantages , such as less spending , more socializing , and more help .	1
485	 I think single people should live with a roommate , if they want to enjoy their lives .	0
486	 Some people believe that there should be fixed punishment for each crime type	0
487	 Generally reason behind punishment is to reduce the crime from a nation and to build a fear in the mind of offenders .	0
488	 Some people think that it does not matter what is reason behind committing a crime therefore there should be fixed punishment for a specific crime .	0
489	 Alternatively I believe that it should taken into consideration the situation and conditions , that forces to a person to be a criminal .	1
490	 First of all if there will be a fixed punishment for each type of crime then it will lead to increase the crime because the punishment will be clear in the mind of professional criminals and they will not feel fear while committing a crime .	1
491	 Secondly , laws and rules are there for people therefore it is necessary to have a look behind crime for instance a women steals feed for her child should be treated same as a women , who steals for her drug addiction .	1
492	 The person who committed crime first time and the professional criminals should not be imprisoned at same place .	1
493	 On the contrary , fixed punishment will reduce the time taken by judges to give their judgement and it will be effective economically for the Government .	1
494	 Everyone should be treated equally because sometimes we see that a poor person who do not have much money for hiring a good lawyer they get imprisoned even without committing a crime and when they come back to the society they become a professional criminal .	1
495	 Therefore fixed punishment will reduce the space between poor and rich people and everyone will understand the importance of each other .	1
496	 To conclude , Government should decide for punishment case by case basis .	1
497	 In doing so crime can be eliminated from a nation and it is a responsibility of every individual to be in the favor of truth and respect the laws of our constitution .	0
498	 A more convenient life in a city	0
499	 There are undeniable advantages to both life in a big city and in a small town .	0
500	 The former offers more excitement and convenience while the latter offers a cleaner , quieter and often friendlier place to live .	0
501	 However , despite the advantages of small town life , I prefer to live in a big city for several reasons .	1
502	 On the one hand , I have always wanted to find a job in a big company which locates in a prosperous city area .	1
503	 To make it convenient , I will absolutely choose a place to live that is not too far from my workplace .	1
504	 What ' s more I can save plenty of money on transportation if I choose to live in the city .	1
505	 On the other hand , life in a big city will not be so dull as in a small town .	1
506	 You can enjoy modern life and have more access to the advanced facilities .	1
507	 For instance , you can visit museums to learn history , and go to a more equipped library to enjoy reading , or you can go to a sports center for exercising .	1
508	 But a small town may be less developed to satisfy all these kinds of needs .	1
509	 Furthermore living in big cities means more exposure to stimulation , like all kinds of information .	1
510	 If one can efficiently acquire the information , then , there might come along more opportunities for him to achieve his goals .	1
511	 For example , there are various advertisements here an there , whether on the leaflets or on the big screen showing things of all sorts in commercial zones .	1
512	 If one is seeking a job right in the city or planing somewhere to travel , or just wants to buy a product in a dependable store , he might refer to what he has seen or heard from the advertisements to make a relatively wise choice .	1
513	 There is also another obvious advantage of living in a big city considering the chance of receiving better education of our offspring .	1
514	 Schools in big cities may receive more funds from whether the local comities or the government , which may make them more equipped with advanced teaching facilities and attract more excellent teachers .	1
515	 Our children thus will have a better chance of pursuing high - quality education which is very important for their future development .	1
516	 In conclusion , if I want to live a more convenient life with more access to modern facilities as well as with more exposure to various opportunities , and have my children receive a better education , a big city is the place to live in .	1
517	 The precondition of doing research by professors	0
518	 Nowadays , many professors conduct research while teaching in colleges or universities .	0
519	 Although research could bring funding and latest achievements in the field , the research takes up too much teaching time .	1
520	 As far as I am concerned , professors should spend more time on preparing courses than research .	1
521	 To begin with , it is vital that professors should assist students to acquire knowledge .	1
522	 The professors ' duty is to nurture students , and prepare excellent courses .	1
523	 If professors spend a lot of time on research , he will cut the time on preparing courses is reduced , which may decrease the quality of classes .	1
524	 The reason why people enter a university is that they want to learn cutting - edged technologies .	1
525	 In this way , professors should provide well - preparation courses to convey the state - of - art knowledge for college and university students .	1
526	 Therefore , professors should pay more attention on how to teach students rather than conduct research .	1
527	 On the other hand , if professors are busy in doing research , ignoring preparing appropriate courses for students , it would ruin the reputation of universities .	1
528	 Students are unsatisfied with the unprepared course , and the enrollment of universities may decline .	1
529	 Many students would not choose these kinds of universities to study .	1
530	 In this way , hardly can professors find assistants to help with projects .	1
531	 It is adverse to the whole academic field .	1
532	 Accordingly , spending more time to nurture excellent students is more consequential to professors , rather than research .	1
533	 Nevertheless , professors could teach students through research and projects .	1
534	 Some students enjoy taking part in some research .	1
535	 Through to use the equipment and invent their own work , they may get more experience in the process of research .	1
536	 For instance , electronic students always invent new machines such as robots , MP3 and remote control car .	1
537	 They can manage the electric theory in practical skills .	1
538	 And some students will be rewarded by investing new inventions .	1
539	 However , only under specific circumstance , when students master all of the systematic knowledge , can they accomplish research .	1
540	 This is requires professors provide high quality courses .	1
541	 In other word , professor should concern about preparing class .	1
542	 Consequently , conducting research is helpful for professors and students to some extent .	1
543	 However , the precondition of doing research is growing students ' solid theory fundamental .	1
544	 Only by developing students , can we have a better academic field .	1
545	 Professors could combine doing research and preparing good courses in a dynamic way .	1
546	 Apartments vs dormitories at university	0
547	 Many students prefer to live in the university dormitories while others prefer an apartment in the city .	0
548	 Both options have their advantages and disadvantages .	0
549	 After considering the level of freedom , the studying conditions and the economic factor , if I had to choose , I would prefer to live in an apartment in the community rather than in the university dormitories .	1
550	 First , an apartment provides a lot more freedom than a dormitory .	1
551	 While in a dormitory you have to obey preset rules , in the apartment you set your own rules .	1
552	 You are free to have visits at any time or to be left alone if you want .	1
553	 An apartment offers more privacy because you can choose to have your own room instead of sharing with another student .	1
554	 This is an important factor because you also get more space than you would in a dormitory .	1
555	 Second , from an economic point of view , people often argue that an apartment is more expensive .	1
556	 This is only partially true , you could rent the extra rooms in the apartment to other people and rent would be a lot cheaper .	1
557	 Transportation is another issue , you have to go to and return from the university everyday .	1
558	 You could choose to use public transportation , a cheaper option , or to have a car .	1
559	 The car is an expensive option , but also offers freedom of schedule and destination .	1
560	 Lastly , the studying conditions are better in an apartment because you don ' t have all the noise and distractions that you often have in dormitories .	1
561	 A lot of students often complain about their roommate playing music too loud or bringing friends over at inappropriate times .	1
562	 Since in an apartment you don ' t have a roommate , you won ' t have this problem , and as a result you would be able to concentrate better .	1
563	 For the same reason , you won ' t have a problem if you are the one who wants to play music , bring friends over , or study late at night .	1
564	 You set your own schedules .	1
565	 In the other hand , living in a dormitory , and being surrounded by students also has some advantages , like being able to get help with any academic issues from them .	1
566	 To conclude , both options have their advantages , but personally I think the advantages of living in an apartment outshine those of living in a dormitory .	1
567	 Why are groups or organizations important to people ?	0
568	 During our life , it is inevitable that we may be related with any groups or organizations ; therefore , groups and organizations are an important part of their lives .	0
569	 In my point of view , groups provide a place for people to gain experiences or achieve goals .	1
570	 My reasons include the following :	0
571	 In the first place , humans are a part of the society , and the society includes a wide variety of groups .	1
572	 Most of all , the groups play an essential role in the process of socialization , from children to adults .	1
573	 We begin taking part in groups or organizations during the early days of life , and especially most people continue their social participation in all through life .	1
574	 By making teamwork , the children in schools may learn to how to get along with others .	1
575	 As university students , it is likely for them to join student organization of their major in order to expand their experiences or communicate with others .	1
576	 After graduating from schools , employees might go to business associations for various business resources and benefits .	1
577	 Thus , almost of us live in the environment of groups .	1
578	 By participating in an organization , it is a positive way for people to obtain some experiences on a particular purpose .	1
579	 A solid group can be a suited environment , which provides people to improve themselves or broaden their horizons .	1
580	 For example , as a student majoring in mass media , I have taken part in mass media student group for a year .	1
581	 When being in the department of art , I have not only learned how to do a project , but also known some famous artists during the term .	1
582	 Above all , it is advantage which increase an opportunity on my resume for the sake of getting a better job .	1
583	 Furthermore , groups and organizations would lead people to take action or achieve their goal .	1
584	 Here is an example : there are various charities in the world .	1
585	 Tzu Chi , a non - profit Buddhism organization in Taiwan , is famous for contributing to the social and community services , and medical care .	1
586	 They bring hopes and inspire others with their generous spirit .	1
587	 For accomplishing their missions , the charity should gather people who are volunteers and sponsors for those difficult tasks .	1
588	 As a result , they lit the light for the poor and victims ; in addition , they could have chance to help the people in need from all over the world .	1
589	 For the above reasons and examples , it could be widely thought that groups or organizations are a vital part for us in plenty of aspects in different ages and in different backgrounds .	1
590	 Should the Government Provide Free College ?	0
591	 Some people believe that the government should cover the college tuitions and expenses for any citizen who wants to go to a college .	0
592	 However , I believe that individuals should pay their college tuition because it would cost too much , the college education is a personal ' s choice , and there are many ways to fund a college education .	1
593	 First , making college education free would cost too much .	1
594	 It would divert public funds from other needs such as law enforcement , infrastructure and so forth .	1
595	 There are many other needs which should come first , such as providing health care to all American , or improving public schools .	1
596	 In addition , it would cause to raise our taxes again and again to fund college education .	1
597	 Consequently , it would affect all taxpayers whether or not they benefit from the use of the funds .	1
598	 Second , it is a personal choice to go to a college .	1
599	 Not everyone wants to go to a college .	1
600	 People who want to make more money , and live a better life than other people decide to take a college education .	1
601	 Therefore , those people should make the financial investment in their own choice ; not the government .	1
602	 Third , there are many ways to fund a college education .	1
603	 People who cannot afford to pay their tuition benefit from the scholarship , financial aids , and other funds .	1
604	 In addition , the government already helps pay college expense through indirect means .	1
605	 They often provide services such as fire departments , medical assistance , and police protection for the schools and their students .	1
606	 They also provide funds for academic research .	1
607	 While the money is not given to individual students , these contributions are not trivial .	1
608	 In short , the individual should finance his or her education because it is a personal choice .	1
609	 Otherwise , it would cause too much cost from taxpayers and the government .	1
610	 Where to learn a new language ?	0
611	 Although there are some advantages to learning a foreign language in its original country , I firmly believe that people who learn a foreign language in the country in which it is spoken have a deeper understanding of different language skills than those who learn the same languages in their own countries .	1
612	 Person ' A ' who learns a non - native language in his country may receive benefit from a step - by - step teaching method .	1
613	 In other words , he is not jumping into the foreign country .	1
614	 Therefore he can set aside enough time and energy dedicated to learning the language .	1
615	 Besides , all the learners are probably from the same country , so all these people most likely have learned the language , more or less , in the same way .	1
616	 On the other hand , when a new learner wants to learn a new language in the country in which it is spoken , he has the opportunity to communicate with natives .	1
617	 He may find native friends and may participate in groups where members are people from the foreign country .	1
618	 No doubt , it leads to better understanding of language essential skills .	1
619	 He also has access to the most up - to - date language .	1
620	 Thus he can learn most useful idioms , proverbs and so many other things which the former person , person ' A ' , does not have access to .	1
621	 On the whole , if I wanted to learn a new language and had enough money to afford the travel , I would definitely make the second choice .	1
622	 There are lots of evidences show that communication is the most important factor in learning a new language .	1
623	 When you are exposed to an environment where everybody talks to you in the new language you want to learn and expects you express words from the same language , you are forced to learn it as soon and good as possible .	1
624	 In a word , although each of these methods have their pros and cons , I am pretty sure that advantages of learning language in the country in which is spoken outweigh the advantages of the other way of learning of a new language .	1
625	 Spending time with a large number of friends can add more to one ' s life	0
626	 Despite friendship is one of the most important values in a man ' s life , people might have different preferences : some of them prefer to spend time with one or two close friends , while other prefer to be surrounded by a large number of friends .	1
627	 In my view , I prefer the second attitude .	0
628	 The first reason is that staying in contact with a large number of friends gives the opportunity to learn more from the others ' experiences .	1
629	 For instance , among a large number of people there could be someone who practices a particular sport , or plays an instrument or likes traveling very much and from their experiences you can be attracted to try something new that you had never considered before .	1
630	 Of course , while differences give the opportunity to learn , they can also mean that sometimes it can be difficult to reach an agreement .	1
631	 This would not happen or at least would happen rarely if one decides to spend time with one or two close friends .	1
632	 In fact , in this case it is more likely that interests and preferences are the same .	1
633	 Another reason is that a large number of friends can help you to consider all the possible solutions to a problem and to make you more open - minded .	1
634	 For example , if you happen to face a problem and ask them for advice , your friends you will see that issue from their different point of views and accordingly they will help you to consider better all advantages and disadvantages .	1
635	 When you have just few close friends , on one hand you develop a more intimate relationship with them and you feel you can trust them more , but on the other hand they often will give you viewpoints not so different from yours , adding less to your experience .	1
636	 In sum , although each choice - few close friends or a large number of friends - presents its advantages and its weak points , I think that spending time with a large number of friends can add more to one ' s life .	1
637	 Public transportation keeps society from the depletion of natural resources	0
638	 The development of public transportation is the most essential thing for a developed society .	1
639	 Public transportation keeps society from the depletion of natural resources , the air pollution , the loss of a sense of community .	1
640	 So , I think the government have to spend more money on improving it .	0
641	 The use of public transportation is the best way to conserve natural resources gradually run out .	1
642	 Cars depend on oil and gasoline to move .	1
643	 If people use too many private cars , the oil and gasoline nonrenewable will run out quickly .	1
644	 Instead of using many private cars , people can use public transportation , such as bus , train , subway , each one can get far more people and less oil and gasoline are used up per person .	1
645	 The use of public transportation helps in reducing the air pollution .	1
646	 Cars use oil and gasoline and send out gas such as carbon dioxide , heat and so on .	1
647	 They cause pollution and make the Earth warmer .	1
648	 The more cars are driven , the more pollution will be put into air .	1
649	 If we use the public transportation , less cars will be used and less pollution will be emitted .	1
650	 The atmosphere , surrounding us , will be protected and help us more healthy .	1
651	 The use of public transportation make us live more sociable .	1
652	 When we drive a private car , we are alone or only our family members that we already know and lost the opportunity to make friends with others or to see that we are a part of this society .	1
653	 When using public transportation , we have a chance to meet more people and more chances to discovery new aspects of life .	1
654	 Using public transportation has a lot of advantages for the modern society facing a lot of problems : the environmental population , the isolation in life , the depletion of natural resources .	1
655	 So , the government have to invest more for it and encourage people to use .	0
656	 Some students prefer to study alone	0
657	 Everyone has their method to success in life .	0
658	 At school or university , success depends on how we study .	0
659	 Some students benefit a lot when they study with groups .	0
660	 Yet , I prefer to study individually because it helps me to concentrate more , and it helps me to build my personality .	1
661	 Studying alone helps us to focus more in our lessons .	1
662	 For instance , I am a type of person who cannot comprehend my subjects unless I am alone .	1
663	 I can prepare my schedules , guidelines , exercises and go over them all .	1
664	 Moreover , we have a lot of subjects which require us to sit and study alone such as math , reading , and drawing .	1
665	 In my opinion , I can take advantage of every minute without wasting by studying alone .	1
666	 Additionally , we are building our personalities when we study alone .	1
667	 For example , answering our homework alone encourages us to be more responsible and independent .	1
668	 Also , it motivates us to be accurate in our work in the future .	1
669	 Personally , when I fix my study plan with a specific time and finish it on time , it improves my ability in the future to become more precise and careful .	1
670	 To conclude , there are many ways to study and it is our right to choose which is suitable for our characters whether alone or with group .	0
671	 In fact , I agree with the idea of studying a lone since it helps me to focus more and establish my personality .	1
672	 Success needs us to work hard and sacrifice more whether we choose to study alone or with group .	0
673	 Some important characteristics of a co - worker	0
674	 At work , you meet people with diverse backgrounds and you are required to maintain sound relationships with many of them in order to have a pleasant work environment .	0
675	 However , the relationship you need to maintain with your co - worker is the most important one since he or she is the person who works very closely with you , and in most instances you have to rely on him or her .	0
676	 Therefore in my view , a good co - worker needs to have three most important characteristics such as cooperation , trustworthiness , and fellowship .	1
677	 The co - workers should be cooperative with one another .	1
678	 If they do not cooperate , there will be lots of disputes .	1
679	 I once had a co - worker who was too family conscious .	1
680	 Therefore he always left office sharp on time without giving any consideration whether the work has been finished or not .	1
681	 Most of the time , I had to do his work in order to protect him from getting caught to the supervisor who was a very authoritative person .	1
682	 However , one day I wanted to be off early because I had to take my mother to the doctor .	1
683	 When I requested my co - worker to give a helping hand to finish my work early , he turned down my request giving a silly excuse .	1
684	 From that day onwards I did not offer him any support and finally he was transferred from our department to a distant location as a punishment for his irresponsibility .	1
685	 Therefore , I believe if the co - workers do not corporate with each other that would be devastating in a work environment .	1
686	 The co - workers need to trust each other .	1
687	 They should not act on suspicion .	1
688	 This is a very important aspect in the work environment .	1
689	 I came across a situation once such that one of my subordinates used to suspect his co - worker for carrying tales to me .	1
690	 To a certain extent his suspicion was valid as his co - worker made several attempts to highlight the drawbacks of him .	1
691	 However I never encourage tale carriers as a principle and therefore his co - worker gave up talking ill against him with me .	1
692	 But this mistrust continued and created very unpleasant situations for everybody in my department .	1
693	 Finally , the co - workers should believe in fellowship .	1
694	 This helps them to enjoy their work life while building up very strong personal relationships .	1
695	 After all , you spend most of your day at office .	1
696	 If you have a good company in office , it is certainly a blessing .	1
697	 Distance learning and online computer classes should replace classroom	0
698	 During these digital age , the online classes has become more interest and more common in the society .	0
699	 Almost every school develops their online class systems .	0
700	 One question I always thought about is whether online computer classes should replace classroom learning .	0
701	 Although , online classes have many advantages , for me , I prefer traditional learning classes for several reasons .	1
702	 First , the participant with the others like classmates or professors is still an important factor in studying .	1
703	 Working in group leads to more discussion and more opinion among the class .	1
704	 Consequently , the discussion class results in expanded children vision and their respect to others roommate ' s ideas .	1
705	 Unlike the distance learning that children have few opportunities to discuss with their friends .	1
706	 Second , classroom learning provides other activities than studying .	1
707	 During student ' s free time , they have a number of activities that they can join , such as playing sports , going to lab , or going to library .	1
708	 These activities lead to more interact with their friends .	1
709	 Connection with friends improves their IQ abilities , furthermore , they have a chance to learn about their societies .	1
710	 While the online course keeps the children at their home only .	1
711	 Lastly , in school , there are professors that guided you during you had a problem or needed an advice .	1
712	 The professor provides good answers to you .	1
713	 They do not mind helping you , and they never leave you alone when you got a problem .	1
714	 In contrast , in distance learning , these aspects of the professor had reduced their important .	1
715	 The professor has been assigned to teach only .	1
716	 Moreover , there will be a long response from the teachers when children ask them a question .	1
717	 In conclusion , traditional learning still has many benefits to the students .	1
718	 But in the future , it seems that the distance learning become more popular and ordinary in schools .	0
719	 Non academic subjects should be removed from syllabus	0
720	 Students have become more and more stressed during the last few years due to the increase in academic tasks assigned by their teachers to improve their academic success .	0
721	 While some people believe that non - academic subjects should be completely removed , I strongly disagree with that .	1
722	 To begin with , from the health point of view , schools should not only deliver academic subjects .	1
723	 If physical education is removed from the syllabus , there will be considerable negative effects on students ' health .	1
724	 For instance , after studying and sitting in the classroom for the whole morning , it is better for students to do some outdoor activities , such as stretching , jogging and playing ball games , in order to improve their learning ability during the afternoon classes .	1
725	 Removing physical classes from school education will not only be harmful to young people ' s health , it will also decrease their learning capability .	1
726	 In addition , schools are responsible for developing their students into well - rounded people .	1
727	 It is more important for a person to success in life than to success only academically .	1
728	 Success in life should be the ultimate goal of a student , which requires more than academic knowledge , but also practical life skills such as cooking , good communication skills and teamwork spirit .	1
729	 Thus , school education should not only focus on the academic development of a student as it is much more crucial to teach them how to be independent and live a good life .	1
730	 Some people may argue that students can learn practical skills after school hours from their parents .	1
731	 However , I believe that it is not a good idea because most young people would rather watch TV or play computer games after school instead of learning life skills from their parents .	1
732	 Moreover , parents are usually too busy with their daily jobs to teach their children the life skills .	1
733	 In conclusion , I strongly believe that non - academic subjects are as essential as academic subjects for a student ' s development .	1
734	 Therefore , schools should not remove these subjects .	1
735	 Follow the New Customs of the New Country or Not ?	0
736	 When people move to another country , most likely , they will face the choice between following the customs of the new country or keeping their original one .	0
737	 Some people choose the former one to assimilate themselves into the new culture , while some insist the latter one because the new customs are difficult to be accepted .	0
738	 As for me , I would follow the new customs , if I migrated to another country .	1
739	 On one hand , it will be easier for people to assimilate into a new country , if they follow the new customs .	1
740	 When people migrate to a new country , they are likely to suffer the culture shock , because of the difference between two cultures .	1
741	 The custom is just a form of the culture and following the custom is a good way to know more about this culture .	1
742	 For example , if one wore in white and went to common Viharas to observe a rather longer - than - usual , full - length Buddhist sutra in Buddha ' s Birthday in India , he or she would learn something about Indian religion and culture .	1
743	 As a result , people understand the culture , and then they adapt to the new country .	1
744	 On the other hand , keeping own customs stably might cause discrimination .	1
745	 When people insist to keep their own customs and refuse to accept the new one , they regard themselves as a special group in the new country .	1
746	 The local people may also regard them as a special group as well and separate them from the main - stream society .	1
747	 One example of this is that the Chinese immigrants in Indonesia in 1969 .	1
748	 They formed Chinatown and kept Chinese language and customs in it .	1
749	 While the Indonesians stopped working at 4 : 00 pm and went home for rest , Chinese immigrants were still working .	1
750	 Although being much richer than local people , they faced the discrimination .	1
751	 Their houses and private cars were buried by local people , because the locals were jealous of Chinese people , who had so much wealth , which should have been theirs .	1
752	 If the Chinese immigrants had followed the local customs and assimilated into Indonesia , they would not have been regards as a group of Chinese and discrimination might have been alleviated .	1
753	 All in all , the immigrants should follow the customs in the new country , which can help them survive from the culture shock sooner , and assimilate to a new culture .	1
754	 School memories	0
755	 Everyone has happy moments during their life .	0
756	 These happy moments are both in their childhood and their adulthood .	0
757	 In my opinion , childhood is the happiest time of a person ' s life .	1
758	 First , in childhood most people are happier than in adulthood .	1
759	 They do not have to worry about bills , jobs , how would their life be in the future .	1
760	 They just worry about two things : to have fun , learn and be happy .	1
761	 A child ' s daily life is school , playing and sleeping .	1
762	 For example , when I was young I just came home from school and then I would took my bike or soccer ball and go out and play with my friends in my neighborhood .	1
763	 Moreover , I did not have to worry about costs and other things , I just had fun and learned .	1
764	 Also , people are most creative when they were children , children imagine new things and games just to have fun and be happy .	1
765	 Second , childhood is the period where people go to school and learn .	1
766	 Therefore , school memories are one of the best memories in a person ' s life .	1
767	 There you learn , to find your first love , to make new long - lasting friendships and of - course you will have a lot of fun .	1
768	 For example , my father ' s best moments in his life are in his school years .	1
769	 Moreover , he is still in - touch with some of his classmates and sometimes they get together and share their childhood memories .	1
770	 In other words , childhood is , indeed , the most happiest moments in a person ' s life .	1
771	 There is only one life and one childhood and people should live their childhood thoroughly .	0
772	 Learning to be independent is essential for young adults	0
773	 Learning to be independent is essential for young adults .	0
774	 However , how early the children leave their parents is a difficult issue .	0
775	 In my point of view , staying with the parents for longer time does more benefits than disadvantages to the young adult .	1
776	 My opinion is based on creating memories with parents , saving money , and taking advice from parents .	0
777	 First of all , one of the most significant upsides is that the young adult can have more experience with his parents .	1
778	 The young adult has to try to create memories with his dad and mom in the early age .	1
779	 When having a job , it is of low possibilities to work in his hometown .	1
780	 If he lives with his parents for longer time , they have more chances to share the feelings , exercise , and travel together .	1
781	 All memories become priceless treasure as time passes by .	1
782	 Thus , I think undergoing with parents is worthwhile .	1
783	 Furthermore , living at home costs less than living outside .	1
784	 Learning to be independent means that the young adult needs to leave home .	1
785	 Therefore , he may have to rent a house and the rental would become a burden for parents .	1
786	 Moreover , another daily expense is also the considerable outgoings .	1
787	 Spending much money may not result in what the parents expect their children to be .	1
788	 In a word , the parents can save money , if their children live with them longer .	1
789	 The third convincing reason is that the young adult needs father and mother ' s suggestions .	1
790	 When in dilemma , the parents can comfort him and give him a big hand .	1
791	 They are the people who are most familiar with him can give a suitable advice and lead him to the right way .	1
792	 If the parents do not help him immediately , he would have to suffer more pain .	1
793	 Hence , taking advice from parents , the young adult can go through obstacles easily .	1
794	 To sum up , living with parents longer brings about memories with parents , less cost , and advice from parents .	1
795	 Hence , staying longer with parents is a better choice .	1
796	 Do you agree or disagree with the statement that a zoo has no useful purpose	0
797	 Some people may believe that a zoo is futile in the era of globalization , which people can develop their knowledge fast and easily .	0
798	 However , I do not agree with them .	0
799	 I believe that the zoo is invaluable for human beings .	1
800	 It is very crucial for learning .	1
801	 It helps animals out of extinction .	1
802	 Also , it is a interesting travel location .	1
803	 First of all , the zoo gives humans new knowledge .	1
804	 When you were so young that you did not know many kinds of animals , what should you do if there were no zoo ?	0
805	 Inevitably , the zoo is the important place for innate learning .	1
806	 The zoo also let students have a chance to learning biology practically .	1
807	 They are able to observe animals ' behaviors and features .	1
808	 Moreover , practical learning help students relax from a boring lecture class .	1
809	 Besides , researchers need the zoo to pick up some examples of animals for their researches because it has diverse species of animals .	1
810	 Secondly , the zoo preserves a large number of rare animals and provides them safe habitats .	1
811	 In the zoo , there is not so harmful as a forest .	1
812	 They , fed by zookeepers , do not need to find food themselves .	1
813	 Furthermore , we can do artificial insemenation to maintain nearly extinct wildlife .	1
814	 Last but not least , because of all weird , acute , and beautiful animals in the zoo , it can be a great tourist attraction .	1
815	 There are a lot of tourists who seek to see those animals closely .	1
816	 If the zoo has a large number of both national and foreign tourists , it will receive a great deal of money .	1
817	 That also make money flow , and then economics become better .	1
818	 It benefits to a certain country .	1
819	 In conclusion , the zoo not only saves animals in danger of extinction , but also helps people around the world have better lives .	1
820	 I firmly believe that the zoo is so useful for the earth .	1
821	 Nowadays , spending budget on space exploration is not reasonable	0
822	 Space exploration , for discovery of out of space , has been possible for human in the 20th century .	0
823	 The United state and Russia are the important countries that spend large budgets for the research of this subject .	0
824	 In my opinion , spending the budget for space exploration is an important activity to save living of humanity in the future .	1
825	 Many governments believe that space exploration is an activity that wastes the budget , while the essential challenge of humanity in the future would be the discovery of a new place for the living .	1
826	 In 20th century , although human being succeeded to achieve out of space by means of new technologies such as rockets , but finding a new place for living in another planet is impossible until now .	1
827	 In during history , our planet is threatening by many of other planets or stars and it is an enormous danger for living of humanity .	1
828	 Therefore , it is very significant to find a new place for living in other planets .	1
829	 Space exploration has used as a tools for military power in the cold war .	1
830	 In the future , many countries will try to prevent attach of other countries by using and invention new missiles .	1
831	 In the past , the space race happened between the United Stated and the Soviet Union .	1
832	 Both countries tried to send man to the moon and show their power to each other .	1
833	 As a result , space exploration will use as a military power for many countries .	1
834	 In summary , spending budget for space exploring is not the waste budget , because it may helps to save civilization of humanity .	1
835	 Although exploring space used for discovery of other planets , nowadays most of governments have used many rockets for military purposes and therefore the purposes of exploring space has altered .	0
836	 Friendship is more important than mistake by a friend , although mistake is terrible	0
837	 There is an argument regrading weather letting a friend make a mistake is better than taking action that risks destroying a friendship .	0
838	 It is widely accepted by many people that a mistake will return sometimes terrible result .	0
839	 However , I believe that friendship is more important than mistake by a friend , although mistake is terrible .	1
840	 In this essay , I will present two reasons supporting my opinion .	0
841	 First of all , a mistake does not last for a long time but a friendship lasts forever .	1
842	 Anybody does not remember mistakes .	1
843	 If someone remembers mistake , he or she has a closed mind .	1
844	 I want to say that mistakes will be forgotten quickly .	1
845	 For example , my friend Lee made a mistake that he broke my precious gift .	1
846	 However , I forgot about it just after two days , and I felt at peace with him .	1
847	 Some people might say I am silly , but I think mistake is more forgettable than friendship .	1
848	 Second , Everybody makes mistake .	1
849	 However , if you end a friendship whenever your friend makes a mistake , there will be no friends around you .	1
850	 I agree if a friend makes very a big mistake , we will need to end a friendship .	1
851	 However , when the mistake friend made was not a big problem , we need to understand friend and forgive it because a friend is a gift of our life .	1
852	 According to a research , 85 % of people answered that a best gift is a friend .	1
853	 I think that a mistake can not brake friendship if it is not a big because friendship is forever and gift our life .	1
854	 Students should be required to take regular standardized tests	0
855	 The issue at hand is if the schools should require students to take regular standardized exams .	0
856	 This issue is important because nowadays many people cast doubt on it .	0
857	 However , I believe that standardized tests are valuable option for educational system as long as it would help teachers to know if the students are really getting knowledge .	1
858	 Firstly , standardized tests are preferable due to the fact that they help teachers to fairly grade the students .	1
859	 For example some students are not so active on the lessons , cause they are already familiar with the issue .	1
860	 Therefore , exams could be the only way for teachers to see the real abilities of those students .	1
861	 In addition , many teachers rely only on the exam results while grading the class , so the usage of standardized tests is the superior option for them .	1
862	 Additionally , standardized tests can be good chance for students to apply their knowledge on practice .	1
863	 Since , some students may get used to simply rewriting solved problems from the blackboard , so they will never try to solve problems on their own .	1
864	 However , standardized tests offer them such chance .	1
865	 Thus , it is clear that schools should require students to take standardized tests , as long as this option helps to both sides .	1
866	 Finally , I think that requirement to take standardized tests is the right choice , since in this case teachers can compare the level of knowledge of different students .	1
867	 In any class there will be students who will show low academic performance , so teachers could work with them more intensively .	1
868	 I support the points of those who say that standardized tests are required over those who don ' t because if the teacher would know the level of each student he would fairly share his time to all of them .	1
869	 Ultimately I feel that schools which obligate their students to take standardized tests are right .	1
870	 I belive this , due to the fact that these schools can qualitatively check if they are giving an appropriate education to their students .	1
871	 Most difficult experiences will become valuable lessons	0
872	 There is a famous old saying that failure is the mother of success .	0
873	 For that reason , some people advocate that some difficulties people met at their early ages will become an invaluable fortune in their future lives .	0
874	 However , some people think it isn ' t supposed to be that case .	0
875	 From my point of view , I am in favor the former statement that some tough experiences people met before will be helpful in their life path .	1
876	 To start with , hardship makes people realize how to cherish and compliment the common but wonderful little things happened in their life such as , a shining weather , a delicious breakfast and etc .	1
877	 People who have such nice spirit usually know how to find the true love in their life instead of being seduced by greed as to lose themselves in the end .	1
878	 As a result , experiences of difficulties teach them how to keep a nice mood and have confidence all the time .	1
879	 What ' s more , people who experienced lots of difficulties will be calmer when they are in troubles .	1
880	 Because they already have such experiences of overcoming some difficulties , they are conscious of what to do and how to do when fierce crisis happens .	1
881	 Those people are more likely to achieve their ambitions in their career because they are aware of how to lead people to reach success despite what kind of difficulties are getting in their way .	1
882	 So , to sum it up , both not afraid of difficulties and appreciating common but pleasant things in their lives drive me to believe that most tough experiences in people ' s life path will be a priceless treasure to them .	1
883	 Remember if you are afraid of encountering difficulties , then you will be in the troubles all the time .	0
884	 Life in a city is much better than life in the countryside	0
885	 As far as I am concerned , I agree with the statement that life in a city is much better than life in the countryside .	1
886	 Firstly , in the city there is much better education system .	1
887	 This means , that the schools and the universities have well equipped classes and the famous professors would like to work in such places .	1
888	 In addition , I believe that city provides more work opportunities than the countryside .	1
889	 There are not only more jobs , but they are also well - paid .	1
890	 Of course living in a city is more expensive , but incomes are higher too .	1
891	 Moreover , in the urban areas there are also more citizens what means , that the culture diversity is huge .	1
892	 Meeting and knowing new people ' s tradition is an unforgettable experience , which could influence on one ' s previous habits .	1
893	 Furthermore , the city has well - organised lines of transport .	1
894	 The buses and trains are more frequent than in the countryside , so the city provides better communication .	1
895	 However , in the countryside there are many places to rest , because of its location .	1
896	 Moreover , peaceful and close to the nature areas could help to avoid worries and sadness .	1
897	 Taking all into account , I think that living in the city is much better nowadays , because of the opportunities it gives .	1
898	 Today living in the rural places is in most causes connected with agrarian lifestyle , which for me is without perspective .	0
899	 If I could decide I would chose living in the city for sure .	0
900	 E - mail or Voice mail Versus Telephone or face to face	0
901	 Technology has been developing so quickly and becoming more perfect every day .	0
902	 Communication nowadays depends on technology pretty much .	0
903	 Voice mail , e - mail , telephone or just traditional way : face - to - face .	0
904	 However , I prefer e - mail due to 3 reasons : convenience , honest expression and fluency in communicating .	1
905	 Everyone agrees that e - mail has been a great way of communication .	1
906	 You can talk to others from thousands mile .	1
907	 For instance , if you are in Vietnam and another person is in the US - half of the Earth , no matter how far it is , you can keep contact .	1
908	 We will never have to worry if our mails will be sent to the right address .	1
909	 If the address is wrong , then you will know right away .	1
910	 Moreover , e - mail doesn ' t take too much time : just a click .	1
911	 In addition , writing e - mail helps people express honestly .	1
912	 Some people think that the face - to - face conversations make them feel stupid .	1
913	 Sometimes , their ideas are not expressed as exactly as they expect .	1
914	 For instance , I want to talk to my friend about a ticklish problem like her behavior , it ' s hard for me to face her and explain what she should do .	1
915	 Therefore , e - mail will be a good tool to help me speak out .	1
916	 She will just read my e - mail instead of listening to my voice which can make her annoyed .	1
917	 I don ' t have to worry about any other thing can make my opinion become unpersuasive .	1
918	 Last but not least , every communication needs fluency so people can understand each other exactly and remember it for a long time .	1
919	 Voice email or face - to - face conversations sometimes make reserve people feel not very confident .	1
920	 For example , when I face my parents , I can ' t speak out every idea and express consecutively .	1
921	 They may stop me , speak something against it and that makes me forget what I want to say .	1
922	 Anyone can meet this problem once in any conversation .	1
923	 E - mail helps me arrange my idea perfectly and make it persuasive .	1
924	 On the whole , to compare to all ways of communication , I really think that e - mail is the greatest way for major people to use .	1
925	 Its convenience saves our time .	1
926	 Additionally , honesty is necessary for every conversation and also fluency can ' t be missing for a persuasive expression .	0
927	 Communicating via e - mail and voice mail vs Telephone and face - to face	0
928	 Although many people prefer communicating by telephone or face - to - face , personally I believe that communicating by e - mails or voice mails is better .	1
929	 There are several reasons to support this idea which I would like to mention in this essay .	0
930	 Firstly , communicating by e - mail is easy .	1
931	 Many people have problems with calling a person that they are not acquainted with .	1
932	 In this case it is not so difficult to write an e - mail or to leave a voice mail because even shy people feel themselves more confident .	1
933	 Secondly , you can write an e - mail at any time of the day .	1
934	 As for me , I work and study at the university and I don ' t have spare time during the day .	1
935	 I get home at about midnight and I still need to answer some questions and to solve some routine problems .	1
936	 I might not have time to call a person or to meet with him or her in an appropriate time so for me it is better to leave a voice mail .	1
937	 Thirdly , when you write an e - mail you have enough time to think carefully about what you are writing and how it would be better to express yourself .	1
938	 For example , you can change the word order or you can choose more appropriate style to sound more polite .	1
939	 When you speak face - to - face you are not as able to control every word as you are when you write an e - mail .	1
940	 And finally , there is no chance to disturb people by sending them an e - mail .	1
941	 You should not worry about interrupting an important conversation or some other business .	1
942	 To sum up , I would like to say that for me both options of communicating are possible , but if this is an important and not urgent question I would prefer to answer it by means of internet or voice mail .	1
943	 Should we require our young children to learn music and art	0
944	 Every parents expect their children to be outstanding and successful .	0
945	 In order to achieve this , they start cultivating their children when they are very young .	0
946	 In addition to basic knowledge like language or science , music and art are usually on the must - learn list of the parents .	0
947	 In my opinion , I agree that children should learn music and art in a young age because they do contribute several merits to them .	1
948	 First , it ' s very suitable for children to develop senses of music and art when they are young .	1
949	 Children absorb things quickly and they bear exact the ability needed in music and art - imagination .	1
950	 Music and art are not like math or language which has more strict rules .	1
951	 They are more abstract , requiring creativity and imagination to be enriched .	1
952	 Children are privileged to have these abilities because they are given more freedom and their imagination has not yet been killed due to reality circumstances .	1
953	 Even if their performances are just some simple drawings and melodies , music and art still bring out children ' s joy of flying in imagination .	1
954	 Second , music and art are life - long cultivation worthy of investing .	1
955	 They teach us how to appreciate beauty and express feelings in a creative way .	1
956	 They are essential to our spiritual life .	1
957	 Therefore , even if children are not going to be great musicians or artists , learning music and art is still worthy because it can nourish your temper and serve as a leisure .	1
958	 However , some people might argue that parents shouldn ' t put so much stress on children , since learning too many skills seems to be a burden for them .	1
959	 In my opinion , it depends on how you value these learning activities to be like .	1
960	 If parents push their 5 years old child to play piano 8 hours a day just like a professional performer , that might be too much .	1
961	 In a child stage , music and art are more like an open door to introduce the art world than training area to acquire specific skills .	1
962	 In this way , it will not be such pressure on children .	1
963	 In conclusion , young age is the perfect time for children to learn music and art and they are indeed valuable to people not only in their young stage , but in every stage .	1
964	 Music and art can accompany a spirit as long as they are given the chance to enter his / her life .	1
965	 The car use will definitely decrease in twenty years	0
966	 Views differ considerably when it comes to the issue of whether cars will be less than there are today in twenty years or not .	0
967	 Some people believe that since the environmental concern has risen , the car use will decrease .	0
968	 While others think that a personal car is important for ones daily life .	0
969	 Both of the opposite arguments appear to be somewhat convincing and stand to reason .	0
970	 But as far as I am concerned , I agree with the idea , which is that there will be a decrease in cars use in the future .	1
971	 The following reasons will present my points .	0
972	 First of all , since the public transportation has improved , it is much convenience to take a subway or a bus .	1
973	 For example , I live in a city which always have a jam in the morning and doesn ' t have enough parking lots for the cars .	1
974	 So , with the stations increased people are willing to take a public transportation than drive on their own .	1
975	 Second , a driving car can make a lot of different pollutions to the world .	1
976	 So , with the risen of the aware to the environment , people will think more about whether to drive on their own or not .	1
977	 For example , instead of driving each one ' s car , if we put forty people in a bus , it will solve the traffic jam by decrease the cars use and also reduce the air pollution for the city .	1
978	 Although , I am agree with the idea that reducing of the car use will be achieve in twenty years .	0
979	 I think I still have to point out that there are some different points of view .	0
980	 People who hold different opinion may argue that a personal car uses is in need because a public transportation can ' t meet every place .	1
981	 Of course , it may be true when you want to go to some countryside or some other inconvenience places .	1
982	 However , no matter you are going to somewhere for a trip or you just simply live in some suburbs and so on , it always have some other ways that you can do , you can ride a bike , or even walk on your feet .	1
983	 It not only helps you to reduce the car use , but also good to your health .	1
984	 In this way , this won ' t be a problem at all .	1
985	 In conclusion , given the reasons described above , when the advantages and disadvantages of whether there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years or not are carefully compared , the best choice is obviously stand on my side , which is that the car use will definitely decrease in twenty years .	1
986	 Working at home vs Working in a company	0
987	 Due to the convenience of current technology , people can do their works everywhere as long as they have the equipment around them .	0
988	 People are no longer restricted in the office .	0
989	 This rapid progress in technology leads to the question whether it ' s better working at home with a computer and a phone than working at the company ' s office .	0
990	 In my opinion , I believe that working at home is worse and less efficient than working in the office .	1
991	 First of all , while working in the office , people can interact with their colleges instantly .	1
992	 They can either get help from colleges or discuss about the work together .	1
993	 Think about the big project that a group is working on , if any group member has new idea about the project , he / she can assemble his / her colleges right away and discuss .	1
994	 It ' s more efficient and straight - forward than talking in the phone .	1
995	 For another example , if one ' s computer or Internet has any breakdown , he / she can call the MIS staff to fix .	1
996	 Second , working at home has many disadvantages that will no doubt lower the efficiency of works .	1
997	 For example , people are easily distracted while working at home .	1
998	 It ' s hard to concentrate on work if people can grab the TV remote or some junk foods right away .	1
999	 In addition , while people are working at home , there will be no one supervising them , thus raises the chance of loafing .	1
1000	 Moreover , people who work at home are more likely to miss the important events happening in the office , like some announcements from the boss .	1
1001	 In conclusion , working in the office is obviously better than working at home in terms of efficiency .	1
1002	 It not only has the advantage of working with colleges but also it provides a real working atmosphere that can never be grasped if people choose to work at home .	1
1003	 The ability to relate well to people is more important	0
1004	 I think that No factor is important enough by itself to succeed in any situations .	0
1005	 We should consider many factors and choose the best of them .	0
1006	 I believe that both the ability to relate well to people and studying hard in school are important for success in a future job for following reasons :	1
1007	 We need to know and learn about the theoritical basis of our future job .	1
1008	 This can be done in school .	1
1009	 In school , we are able to identify skills required for our future job and work on mastering and learning them .	1
1010	 If we study them hard , we will have the chance of doing our job better and quicker in the future .	1
1011	 For example , if someone wants to become a good industrial engineer , he should study his technical courses very well so that he will be able to utilize them well in his future job .	1
1012	 As you can see , studying hard in school is an important factor to succeed in a job .	1
1013	 One of the other factors for success in a future job is effective commuincation .	1
1014	 By relating well to people , we are likely to have a lot of friends and therefore we will have a wide network of communication .	1
1015	 Commuincation can bring many benefits .	1
1016	 For example , if you need help with getting a job , by commuincating with people offering jobs whom you treat well and therefore they respect you as well , you can achieve your goal .	1
1017	 Or , if you are a salesman in a store or any other place , by relating well to your customers , you will increase the chance of their coming back again and becoming your regular customers .	1
1018	 So , relating well to people is also another important factor .	1
1019	 In sum , though some people may disagree with me , as I explained my reasons and examples above , none of those factors are important and sufficient enough by themselves and we should notice to both of them because each of them has its own benefits .	1
1020	 The advertising is the main cause of unhealthy eating habits	0
1021	 Advertising is becoming part of our modern society .	0
1022	 They penetrate into people ' s life , affecting people ' s choices in different things .	0
1023	 Therefore , it comes to the debate whether advertising has positive influences on people ' s life .	0
1024	 Some people say that advertising must be blamed for the unhealthy eating habits , while others believe that there are still some other factors directing people ' s judgments .	0
1025	 In my opinion , the advertising is not the main cause of unhealthy eating habits .	1
1026	 First of all , advertising is not entirely decisive on personal eating habit .	1
1027	 The key to forming a healthy eating pattern lies in people ' s concept of wholesome diets and self - control .	1
1028	 It is sure that advertising always makes the products so tempting , regardless of whether they might bring negative effects on the human body .	1
1029	 However , advertising is not the only information source for people .	1
1030	 People can still acquire different viewpoints about foods from other sources , like news or magazines .	1
1031	 As long as people are clear about how to maintain a healthy body and they persistently keep track of their eating habits , they can successfully prevent themselves from those temptations .	1
1032	 It will be not persuasive if people just blame the advertising sector of a fast - food company for making them so fat and not reassess their own behaviors .	1
1033	 Second , in the era when people are becoming conscious of a healthier lifestyle , some companies are actually aiming at this rising trend and start to promote healthy foods .	1
1034	 In other words , advertising may even bring healthier eating habits to the people .	1
1035	 Think about the recently popular organic foods that are claimed to grow in an environment without pesticide and those crude foods in which less salt or less sugar are added .	1
1036	 These are the main traits that advertising is hitting on and the overall results are good .	1
1037	 In these cases , the advertising industry bolsters people ' s awareness of having a healthy lifestyle .	1
1038	 In conclusion , advertising is not the primary reason of unhealthy eating habits .	1
1039	 There are the build - up of the concept about healthy eating habits and self - control that really matter .	1
1040	 Besides , advertising might lead to healthier eating customs due to the growing awareness of living under a better lifestyle .	1
1041	 It is inevitable to be exposed to the environment full of advertisements but it does not mean that our right to choose is taken away .	0
1042	 We will always be able to decide our own lifestyles .	0
1043	 Learning facts has more subsequent advantages for students ' future lives	0
1044	 There are many debates regarding whether understanding ideas and concepts is more essential than learning facts for students or not .	0
1045	 Although multitudes of people think that knowledge of ideas and concepts is more vital for students , I am in the conviction that learning facts has more subsequent advantages for students ' future lives .	1
1046	 In the following , I will state my reasons for this choice .	0
1047	 First , when students learn facts more in school , they would be ready for facing problems in their own life after their graduations .	1
1048	 As a case in point , more information about facts would make students more familiar with the real life other that only their concepts .	1
1049	 As a result , they would prepare to encounter their life out of school to solve their problems better .	1
1050	 Second , it would improve students ' social behavior .	1
1051	 If students only rely on concepts and ideas theorically , they would not realize human ' s mind very well .	1
1052	 They should understand objects more that concepts to obtain the ability of analyzing matters well .	1
1053	 Thus , if they deal more with facts , they can realize social situations effectively and so improve their social communication in everyday life .	1
1054	 Moreover , these way students are teached to control their fears and concerns in facing facts .	1
1055	 As a matter of fact , when a student understands a fact and its consequences , he or she can encounter it more confidently .	1
1056	 In my viewpoint , concerns and anxieties are very destructive in everybody ' s life .	1
1057	 It can prevent person to progress and thrive in every position .	1
1058	 All in all , I am in the belief that learning facts is more beneficial for students in both social and individual life in the view of above - mentioned reasons .	1
1059	 Students would improve their social positions and encounter their problems in positive ways and also intend in the more confidence manner and etc .	1
1060	 Financial support for sports and social activities	0
1061	 There are a lot of debates about the importance of sports and social activities in contrast with the main classes .	0
1062	 It is very subjective decision for students to have or not have these facilities .	0
1063	 Although multitudes of people think that sports and social activities are not as necessary as academic subjects in colleges , I think that these activities have the same efficient role in students ' lives .	1
1064	 In the following , I will state my reason for this choice .	0
1065	 First , besides the good body shape , sports have very vital effects on human ' s healthfulness .	1
1066	 In my viewpoint , our body and moral health depend to physical activities directly .	1
1067	 As a case in point , last month I had very difficult exam that I forced to study for one week back to back .	1
1068	 After that exam , I felt depressed and exhausted .	1
1069	 Therefore , I decided to go to gym to recuperate and it responded very well !	1
1070	 As a result , sports are necessary for students to acquire their energy and health .	1
1071	 Second , besides the academic knowledge , the awareness of social behavior is an important factor for human ' s life .	1
1072	 As a practical epitome , students should be prepared to present in society after their graduation .	1
1073	 Thus social activities can help them to be familiar with other ' s mind and different environment .	1
1074	 In my opinion , social groups and classes are significant factors to prepare students to contribute in discussion and encounter real social environment .	1
1075	 So , social activities have same rights to receive monetary support .	1
1076	 Moreover , they bring about students to be happier and to have more fun and entertainments .	1
1077	 If we follow just one wing of my life i . e . , studying as a student , after some whiles it would be boring and we wouldn ' t have any motivation .	1
1078	 Such activities can help us to pick up with other students and have more friends .	1
1079	 In my perspective , more friends and new experience inspire the feeling of happiness and excitement in me .	1
1080	 All in all , I am in the conviction that sports and social activities should obtain analogous concern and money in the view of above - mentioned reasons .	1
1081	 They bring a lot of advantages and benefits for students and also affect their future in a positive way .	1
1082	 Learning a foreign language in my own country or another country	0
1083	 Knowing foreign language is became more and more important in this time .	0
1084	 Many people pursue to study foreign language .	0
1085	 There are two options to learn foreign language .	0
1086	 First is stay in homeland to study foreign language .	0
1087	 The second option is that go to study in another place that foreign language are spoken .	0
1088	 Going to another place to learn language is better choice .	1
1089	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
1090	 To begin with , going to another country to learn language is a good environment to stimulate people to learn language .	1
1091	 For example , everyone around me speaks foreign language , and then I have to improve myself to communicate with people .	1
1092	 If I could not communicate with other people , I could not even buy food to sacrifice my hunger .	1
1093	 This environment makes me want to develop myself to be able to communicate with people that speak foreign language .	1
1094	 Secondly , having friend that speaks another language is help people to professional in that language faster .	1
1095	 For instance , English school in outside my home country , there are many people that come from different places and from different languages .	1
1096	 The only language that I could talk to make friends is English language .	1
1097	 Thus , I could talk with my friend without worrying about speaking wrong .	1
1098	 This reason makes me have a progress in foreign language faster .	1
1099	 In conclusion , I personally believe that learning language from foreign country is better than learning language in home country because I have to improve myself to communicate with other people .	1
1100	 Besides , in foreign country I could have a chance to speak foreign language with my friends .	1
1101	 Learning foreign language form another country is better choice for me to study language .	1
1102	 Getting opinions from many sources could augment people ' s performance .	0
1103	 Getting opinions from many sources could augment people ' s performance .	0
1104	 Thereby , evaluating from students is one of the ways to improve quality of educational system .	0
1105	 Not only teachers could amplify their performance but the whole education system are also improve performance from evaluation made by students .	0
1106	 Therefore , I agree with this notion that students should be asked to evaluate their teachers .	1
1107	 To begin with , Evaluating teachers made by students could improve teachers ' performance .	1
1108	 For example , evaluation made by students is similar to feedback from customer that business owners need to know in order to improve their product .	1
1109	 Students might complain about their teachers spoke too fast that students could not catch up on information .	1
1110	 Consequently , teachers could improve themselves by speaking slower to make sure that students could get all information that they want to give .	1
1111	 Therefore , evaluating from students could improve teachers ' performance .	1
1112	 Additionally , this evaluation from students could improve schools ' quality .	1
1113	 Teachers could augment their quality .	1
1114	 Consequently , When school gather teachers that have great performance , school are gaining higher quality .	1
1115	 For instance , in many cooperation such as Microsoft that could produce many great products because they have employees whose performance are very high .	1
1116	 Schools could produce intellectual students because school have teachers who are always improve their quality from evaluation made by students .	1
1117	 Finally , people who get the most advantage from evaluation is students .	1
1118	 Students could study in class that have teachers who have experienced and greater performance .	1
1119	 Because teachers are always adapt the way they teach in order to make students easy to understand their subjects , students could comprehend their subject easily .	1
1120	 As a result , students , who study from great schools which have great performance teacher , graduate with great knowledge to survive in next steps of life .	1
1121	 In conclusion , I agree with this statement that school should ask students to evaluate their teachers because teachers could improve their performance .	1
1122	 Moreover , schools are also improve their quality because they have high performance teachers .	1
1123	 Furthermore , students are easy to understand their subjects .	1
1124	 Thus , I believe that there are benefits to ask students to evaluate their teachers .	1
1125	 Keep trying and never stop working for your goals	0
1126	 Keep running ! , shouted from my heart but my legs can hardly move .	0
1127	 During running for 20 Kilometers in a marathon running tournament 2014 , I saw some people stopped running while the others fought until their last minute .	0
1128	 At some moment , my body was telling me to stop but the choice that I made was on the contrary .	0
1129	 I did not stop and won a medal goals in my life at the age of nearly thirty .	0
1130	 From this experience , I believe that a person should keep trying for his goals .	1
1131	 Firstly , committing to our goal helps creating personal worth .	1
1132	 For example , I realized the true potential of my body and mind as I decided to train myself hard .	1
1133	 Even if I were not to win this medal , I acknowledged the great amount of my endeavor as I could keep my tired legs running .	1
1134	 Secondly , one who learns the great difficulty will become stronger .	1
1135	 I remembered how I was suffered in the first round when I was last person who touched the line .	1
1136	 However , I did not give up , and believed that I would be better in the next round because I knew how to improve myself .	1
1137	 I had been a loser for a thousand time before the first winning , and suffering from losing in each competition makes me stronger .	1
1138	 Thirdly , at some point , we , as an average people , might feel that the responsibility to our goal is too heavy to carry on .	1
1139	 I believe that the responsibility is worthy of carrying .	1
1140	 When the distance is longer and harder to achieve , a runner who can go beyond his limit will proud of himself .	1
1141	 He can feel the sweetness of triumph because he did not stop pursing his goal .	1
1142	 For these reasons , I agree that one should not give up , as the true reward is to have the dignity .	1
1143	 Anyone who wants to achieve the goal should acknowledge that his effort and experience from suffering helps him understand his true potential and increase his strength , and ultimately , it will prompt him to be ready for overcoming the greater challenge in his life .	1
1144	 Technology makes people ' s lives simpler rather than complicated	0
1145	 Believe it or not , nowadays people are always confronted with a problem that whether technology makes their life simpler or not , thus making them confused .	0
1146	 Many people advocate that technology makes their life easier .	0
1147	 Although I conceded technology may make people ' s life complicated in some aspects , the convenience it brings is more .	1
1148	 In what follows , I will illustrate my point of view .	0
1149	 First , when it comes to the field of transportation , there is no doubt that the technology in automobile has made people ' s life simpler .	1
1150	 With a private car , you can reach the destination in another city just sitting in the vehicle .	1
1151	 Alternatively , if you would like to have a trip across the ocean , a plane can carry you there in only a few hours , which is hard to imagine in the ancient times .	1
1152	 Second , technology also makes teaching simpler .	1
1153	 In the past , teachers have to write what they want to convey to students on the chalkboard , resulting in a great waste of time and the fatigue of teachers .	1
1154	 With the advent of iPads in e - learning , paper books become unnecessary , so does the blackboards , it is because all the knowledge and information are stored in the iPads , with a single click , and they would appear right before your eyes at once .	1
1155	 Admittedly , to some extent , technology may make people ' s life more complicated .	1
1156	 For example , the cell phone , which used to be simply a tool to deliver messages to your contacts in a distance , now are playing a role more than just a phone in social communications .	1
1157	 For instance , folks have to check their Facebooks , Twitters , and Forums accounts every minute , which add too much pressure to them .	1
1158	 In addition , games on their phone exert a tremendous fascination on teenagers , leading to a large problem that they got addicted to their phones .	1
1159	 Consequently , making their life more complicated and tired .	1
1160	 Based on the factors I have mentioned above , a conclusion can be drawn that although technology may make people ' s life complicated in some cases , the convenience it brings in people ' s are significant .	1
1161	 More important to work quickly and risk making mistakes	0
1162	 Organizations , these days , seek to find people who can work extraordinary fast and carefully .	0
1163	 These people play an important role to increase effectiveness of a company .	0
1164	 Working fast yet risky has a place near the ideal goal mentioned before .	1
1165	 I am totally agrees with the statement for some reasons .	0
1166	 Trying to learn skills , working in two places in a week and gaining more tasks are the reasons which take into account as the most important causes of my choice .	1
1167	 To begin with , if persons work rapidly , they will have more chance to study .	1
1168	 Attending in some classes which try to increase the skills of employees can be considered as an absolutely effective parameter .	1
1169	 If people learn how should increase their speed at work by studying , they can stares in their workplace .	1
1170	 For example , I have a friend who was working so slowly .	1
1171	 He has been threatened by his boss who was going to fire him .	1
1172	 My friend went to a course where he learned how should work rapidly and now he is working .	1
1173	 Most importantly , people prone to work in two or three firms in a week because the expenses have been increased .	1
1174	 If they work just in one organization they cannot earn enough money .	1
1175	 This fact pushes them to work faster and faster .	1
1176	 For example , because applying to study abroad needs a lot of money , I am working in two organization to gain more salary .	1
1177	 The more money , the more chances .	1
1178	 Last but not least , people who work slowly can no longer handle more tasks .	1
1179	 If you show in your workplace that you are the one who can work more than other even carelessly , your boss will assign you more tasks .	1
1180	 If you do them fast too , the first acknowledgement of your boss encourages you to work harder .	1
1181	 It turns you to a person who has skill of working without hesitation .	1
1182	 Even if we ignore this result , by the same token , you can get higher position and more money .	1
1183	 To sum up , I completely approve of the statement which says people should work faster even more risky .	1
1184	 Gaining more skills by study , having more than one job , and handling more tasks are the benefits of it which overweighs its disadvantages .	1
1185	 I hope people gain this skill because after that they will endorse my choice .	0
1186	 New building construction hold the right to gain more money from government	0
1187	 The housing shortage is drawing more and more attention nowadays .	0
1188	 And the cost of accommodation keeps growing these years .	0
1189	 The necessity of governmental financial aid is extremely important .	0
1190	 What government should take into consideration at the first place should not be historic and traditional building preservation but new building construction .	1
1191	 Building more accommodating constructions meets people ' s basic need .	1
1192	 People cannot live a harmonious life if citizens do not have a decent place to live in .	1
1193	 If the price of housing grows continuously , a comfortable place to live in will be a luxury to the middle class and the low class .	1
1194	 Then , ordinary people , especially the younger generation , will fall into a certain pattern - work , pay bills for housing , work ; and I am sure that it will increase people ' s dissatisfaction of the government .	1
1195	 Because when they are working , the fair of losing their accommodation always lingers , which will limit their efficiency .	1
1196	 And government should spend money on people to rescue them from this , because only a government of the people , by the people , for the people will finally last ; people ' s cohesiveness will be promoted .	1
1197	 Otherwise , another vital reason why new building construction deserves more governmental investment lies in the fact that it requires far more resource compare to old building preservation .	1
1198	 Build a new building has following prerequisites , land that has been sold by the government via formal procedures , a reliable construction company and tremendous amount of labor .	1
1199	 Except these , hundreds of problems would occur during the construction .	1
1200	 Thus , only government can cope with it by utilizing its enormous resource like dollars and effectiveness .	1
1201	 Generally , personally speaking , I believe new building construction hold the right to gain more money from government .	1
1202	 Replacing old buildings is important for any city but it should not affect historic houses	0
1203	 It is important for any city to replace old buildings with new ones , but these revolutions should not include historic buildings .	1
1204	 The historic buildings show the history of our ancestors .	1
1205	 In addition , they can develop tourism industries by attracting tourists .	1
1206	 Historic buildings answer many questions , which are mysterious about our previous ancestors ; thereby no one can determine the price of the historic buildings .	1
1207	 They show the history of nations and previous generations who lived in the city .	1
1208	 They show the lifestyle of people who lived in thousands of years ago .	1
1209	 They show us how they survive , or how they defend themselves etc .	1
1210	 By investigating about their structures , we can understand how much they knew about the architecture of building .	1
1211	 In the other hand , historic buildings are important treasures , which provide an area to learn valuable lessons .	1
1212	 Another advantage of historic buildings is their capabilities to attract more tourists to the city .	1
1213	 It is interesting for most people to know about the way people live in thousands years ago .	1
1214	 Therefore , It is a valuable opportunities for any city having historic buildings to show them to new visitors .	1
1215	 Historic building can develop other industries such as restaurants or other food industries and handicrafts shops and so on .	1
1216	 These are reasons that why we should preserve historic buildings in the city .	1
1217	 They can benefit us financially by developing other industries .	1
1218	 Moreover , they are the symbols of our nations , which can show the historical culture of our previous ancestors .	1
1219	 Attending boys and girls in a same school would bring many advantages	0
1220	 Women or men almost need each other in full of life even in school .	0
1221	 Although some experts believe that common schools for both female and male lead to diminish their efficiency in education , others view it as a helpful way to recognize the opposite gender .	0
1222	 In my opinion , boys and girls should study together in the sense that they have a chance to know each other and learn how to behave with an opposite sex .	1
1223	 School is a small society for students , which prepares them for the future life .	1
1224	 By attending to the same school , students can learn how to view the opposite gender in classes as a friend or a classmate .	1
1225	 In addition , a boy would know how to speak with a girl in every situation and vice versa .	1
1226	 They would know how to ask her in order to cooperate with his study , how communicate with girls in a group , etc .	1
1227	 Admittedly , when they study together and help each other , they exercise the the real life as they age .	1
1228	 By contrast , some experts believe that attending both girls and boys in a same school cause many disadvantages for them .	1
1229	 By doing this , outdoors relationships may expand and it may accompany with sexual relationship and as result , their thoughts deviate from the studies .	1
1230	 Moreover , attending in the school having boys and girls might be beneficial for both to increase their motivation to study better .	1
1231	 Boys and girls will try to show their capabilities and abilities in the class , therefore they will study increasingly .	1
1232	 Indeed , Boys do not like to seem weak in front of girls and vice versa .	1
1233	 As a result , the productivity of the class will be increased .	1
1234	 In a word , attending boys and girls in a same school would bring many advantages .	1
1235	 Taking part in the study groups would increase student ' s motivation to study more .	1
1236	 In addition , they would be able to know the opposite gender , which help them to be prepared for the adult life where they almost will live or work together .	1
1237	 The city which I enjoy the most is a combination of history and modernity	0
1238	 The city where I was born used to be of a great antique beauty , which was surrounded with by lots of ancient style buildings .	0
1239	 Unfortunately , the unstoppable trend of urbanization makes me only appreciate parts of those classic buildings in the pictures or in museums .	0
1240	 In order to prevent the disappearance of the historic buildings , some citizens suggest the government to spend money on historic buildings .	0
1241	 As far as I am concerned , we should do our parts to do what ever it takes to protect old buildings , letting next generations still have a chance to look at them .	1
1242	 Here are some reasons and examples to illustrate my viewpoint .	0
1243	 Historic buildings have intrinsic values , because they are significant symbols of a city .	1
1244	 Old buildings are reminders of a city ' s culture and complexity .	1
1245	 By seeing historic buildings - - whether related to something famous or recognizably dramatic , people are able to witness the aesthetic and cultural history of an area .	1
1246	 For example , when somebody mentions Beijing , China ' s capital city , you will immediately have Capital Palace come to appear in your mind , because it is the most remarkable sign of the city , and also it is the inevitable history of Beijing , even the entire China .	1
1247	 Depending on the study of Capital Palace , researchers have a comprehensive understanding of the history and the culture .	1
1248	 Furthermore , historic buildings make our lives more colorful , provide places for citizens to relax bodies and minds .	1
1249	 The city is occupied with an abundance of modern houses and and high buildings which make it crowded , and no rooms for people to relax themselves .	1
1250	 However , the warmth of the materials , the heart pine , marble , or the old brick , all those old buildings features call back of our inner peace .	1
1251	 Lying under the roof of a historic building or sitting on the desk fill with history are both easy ways to forget life ' s little annoyance and feel peaceful .	1
1252	 Meanwhile , historic buildings can be a source of maintenance fees .	1
1253	 There are many historic buildings , such as Beijing Place , Shanghai Artist Museum , they are all able to support themselves financially by charging tens of thousands of tourists .	1
1254	 Our governments will be happy with those efficient consequences , and a majority of cities also can imitate this economical cycle .	1
1255	 Overall , I believe that the city which I enjoy the most is a combination of history and modernity .	1
1256	 However , the preservation of old buildings is a one - way street .	1
1257	 There is no chance to renovate to save a history site once it ' s gone .	1
1258	 This reality brings us to light the importance of locating and saving old buildings of historic significance .	1
1259	 Therefore , government should spend money on preservation of old buildings .	1
1260	 There have been significant developments in the field of IT !	0
1261	 Decade after decade , every day , scientists discover magnificent devices in the field of IT , such as interactive boards , multicore computers and laptops , tablets , which have an incredible resolution and also mobile phones , which have the power of a computer .	0
1262	 World Wide Web and communication via email are some of the positive sides of information technology , however , there are some negative aspects .	0
1263	 Firstly , connecting people by email is easy and fast .	1
1264	 In addition , World Wide Web offers humanity to access to information , which they want to know for less than 10 seconds .	1
1265	 These are two of the benefits , why IT is useful .	0
1266	 Besides , nowadays technology is entering into our society really quick and scientists develop robots , which help people cope with their problems or just invent coffee machines , engines with integrated computers and etc .	1
1267	 For example , before centeries , there were not washing machines , which clean your clothes , while a person do another job .	1
1268	 Secondly , there are some drawbacks about this issue .	0
1269	 Scientists believe that one day people will face their developments , for instance robots , and they will not succeed to control them .	1
1270	 All this inventions will try to take control of the Earth .	1
1271	 In conclusion , I agree that IT discoveries are likely to have more disadvantages than benefits and people should know how to use their developments properly .	1
1272	 Do you agree that the traditional skills will die out ?	0
1273	 With the development of technology , whether or not it is still necessary to protect the traditional skills and lifestyles leads to a drastic controversy which is becoming a public concern , especially considering the significant impact taken by technology .	0
1274	 As far as I am concerned , the importance of traditions should be valued and paid attention to .	1
1275	 Traditional skills and lifestyles play important role in modern society , in terms of healthcare , environmental protection and cultural inherit .	1
1276	 Although technology takes convenience to humankind , it also contributes to unhealthy behaviors of life , like sedentary lifestyle .	1
1277	 Instead , traditional ways of life is a great complimentary for modern life and highlight the importance of work life balance .	1
1278	 Meanwhile , due to the fact that traditional skills rely little on fossil energy , it is more environmentally - friendly , which should be promoted to reduce the threat of climate change .	1
1279	 Furthermore those tradition - related things convey traditional culture and values .	1
1280	 These are important foundation of modern civilization .	1
1281	 Protection of tradition can provide the possibility to better understand ancient culture and utilize them to tackle modern problems .	1
1282	 Some people who hold different viewpoints may advocate that protecting traditions consume too much financial budget compared with the incoming it takes .	1
1283	 In spite of the fact this kind of business bring limited contribution to government finance , it should be emphasized that the expense is trivial compared with the potential value of traditions .	1
1284	 Therefore the government authorities and education institutes should work closely together to promote the traditional skills and ways of life , so as to make people to realize the value of them .	1
1285	 All in all , protection of tradition is not only important for the entire society currently , but also contributes to the next generation .	1
1286	 Paying taxes is enough contribution from citizens	0
1287	 Paying taxes is the obligation of citizens in almost every country .	0
1288	 Some people believe that they have made enough contribution to the country by doing that .	0
1289	 Personally , I tend to disagree with this view .	0
1290	 To start with , all people who are able to work should pay tax to the government , as it is the most important source of government ' s revenue , which is mainly used to serve all citizens .	1
1291	 For example , a large proportion of the tax is spent on national defence and in maintaining social stability , so that every one can work and live in a peaceful environment .	1
1292	 The tax is also used to pay the salaries of workers working in public service sectors , such as teachers and police officers .	1
1293	 Although these workers do not produce profit directly , what they do is for the well - being of the whole society .	1
1294	 However , I would argue that citizens have other important responsibilities to fulfil apart from paying tax .	1
1295	 As we know , there are impoverished or disabled people in every society , needing help and support from others .	1
1296	 It is true that the government can provide some fund to ease their difficulties , but such financial help is usually far from enough .	1
1297	 In such case , aids from more capable or wealthier citizens are particularly crucial , which are a great complement to government support .	1
1298	 Another responsibility all citizens should take is to maintain social stability together with the police force .	1
1299	 There are criminals in every society , and the number of policemen the government can hire is limited .	1
1300	 So it is quite necessary for the local residents to take actions and ensure the safety of the communities , by doing things like reporting suspicious activities to the police department .	1
1301	 In conclusion , it is a significant obligation of citizens to pay tax to the government .	0
1302	 Other than that , they have other critical obligations to take , in order to make our society function in an ordered way .	1
1303	 Using a computer every day can have more negative than positive effects	0
1304	 In today ' s world , computer is an essential part of everyday life .	0
1305	 Around the globe , the effect is evident on children also .	0
1306	 It is disagreed that computer can affect children in a negative way if they use a computer on a daily basis .	1
1307	 This will be proven by analyzing how computer assists children to use vast resources available over internet to study effectively as well as develop some basic skills which help them in future careers .	1
1308	 The best thing about internet is the availability of information in the form of text , image or video related to almost everything and through computer children can access internet to gather knowledge on the subjects they are studying or they are interested about .	1
1309	 As an example , students preparing for delivering speech on a certain topic can browse through internet to learn each and every minute details of the subject matter .	1
1310	 It ' s hard to get everything at a same place unless children are not familiar with computers .	1
1311	 That is how , computer impacts children on a positive note .	1
1312	 Nowadays , computers enable people to prepare presentations , draw complex graphs and pictures , document thesis in a simple though efficient way .	1
1313	 When children are allowed to play around with computer from a very early age , they get acquainted with the previously mentioned skills and become expert before facing professional world .	1
1314	 For instance , students who used to prepare Microsoft PowerPoint presentation for their school projects , get an edge over others at an early stage of their career .	1
1315	 From this , it ' s clear that computer has a positive effect on the children .	1
1316	 Following the demonstration of a computer ' s contribution in children ' s study and building skills which are to be used in their career afterwards , it is agreed that computer is a boon to children .	1
1317	 However , parents should advise and guide their children properly so that they don ' t get misled .	0
1318	 Foreign language instruction should begin in kindergarten	0
1319	 Educational institutions have different systems when it comes to introducing foreign languages to children .	0
1320	 Some people believe that foreign language instruction should start in pre - school .	0
1321	 However , those who disagree contend that this should be taught in later years .	0
1322	 This issue has garnered some attention in the academe as it has an impact on the children ' s learning .	0
1323	 I personally believe that it is important for children to be taught with a secondary language as early as kindergarten .	1
1324	 To begin with , children might not be really comfortable with the use of a language other than their native tongue when they are in their kindergarten years .	1
1325	 Learning at school must be convenient for them if they speak in a way that they are used to .	1
1326	 Moreover , teachers think that foreign language most likely leads to confusion for children who are yet to start learning .	1
1327	 Another important thing to consider is that the teacher should be well - trained in the use of this specific language , so quality education will be delivered .	1
1328	 Nevertheless , it is undeniable that kids are amazing learners , and the best time to hone them is in their younger years .	1
1329	 The introduction of foreign language will be new to them ; however , their curiosity will drive them to learn and comprehend .	1
1330	 In this way , grasping a new language will be natural to them .	1
1331	 In addition , the positive impact of this strategy is beneficial to both learners and teachers .	1
1332	 Teachers will not find it difficult to make students learn such new concept in their teenage years .	1
1333	 It is certainly clear that the advantages of early introduction of foreign language outweigh its disadvantages .	1
1334	 In conclusion , the use of foreign language instruction as early as kindergarten is supported by some people ; however , there are those who disagree .	0
1335	 I am totally convinced that if this endeavour is properly implemented by schools , this will most likely lead to improvement of learning ability among children .	1
1336	 International tourism leads to both - tension and understanding	0
1337	 I agree with both opinions that international tourism not only causes tension but also leads to understanding between people from different culture , because most people will be trying to understand each other after they have conflict or debates .	1
1338	 There is no doubt that some behaviors of the tourists are not welcome in the local area .	1
1339	 Firstly , some people leave the rubbish after visiting the attractions .	1
1340	 Therefore , those local residents have to clean the place frequently so that the new batch of tourists will have a tidy and neat environment .	1
1341	 Moreover , tourists may offend the local people due to their different culture background .	1
1342	 For example , Indians don ' t eat beef since they worship cows .	1
1343	 Thus , if tourists want to respect the tradition , they will not order any beef in the local restaurant .	1
1344	 On the other hand , in order to avoid the conflicts between foreigners and locals , people are trying to understand different culture and find solutions .	1
1345	 For instance , tourists are given the brochures about the local traditions and customs before they visit the place .	1
1346	 Furthermore , the tour guide are willing to help tourists to understand the culture from other countries .	1
1347	 Thus , the possibility of the conflicts is reduced because the understanding between both parties .	1
1348	 Obviously , people are looking for the solution such as understanding each other while they encounter the conflicts caused by international tourism .	1
1349	 Hence , I think international tourism leads to both tension and understanding between people from different culture .	1
1350	 Traditional skills and ways are always valuable and will last forever	0
1351	 These days , most of countries on the world invest for technology .	0
1352	 It is evident that technology promotes economy .	0
1353	 Many people think that conventional things will not exist and should be eliminated .	0
1354	 I totally disagree this opinion .	0
1355	 First of all , traditional skills and ways belong to value of culture .	1
1356	 They make differences between countries .	1
1357	 Every country has unique tradtions which show their creation , intelligence .	1
1358	 Consequently , people feel pround of their country , so they keep reserving conventions .	1
1359	 For example , ways to build a house in every country are different and they distinguish between countries .	1
1360	 In addition , in some cases that traditional way can not replace by a new technology .	1
1361	 Lot of people like to use traditional things because if their quality and durability .	1
1362	 In paticular , vases are made by hand would be used more .	1
1363	 Futhermore , there are plenty of works that using traditional way is unique method .	1
1364	 For instance , making cone hats from leaves have to use hand .	1
1365	 Not only because there is no machine for the work , but also it looks more beautiful when it is made by hand , so resulting in greater value economy .	1
1366	 The last thing is about education .	0
1367	 Traditional skills and ways of life will help youngsters study and know more history .	1
1368	 Methods which their ancestors used in the past will be displayed again for new generations .	1
1369	 After that , they might create somethings that are useful for life .	1
1370	 In conclusion , technology has brought many benefits , but traditional skills and ways are always valuable and will last forever .	1
1371	 Capital punishment ; 51 % countries have polished death penalty	0
1372	 Capital punishment or the death penalty is a legal process whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime . In recently years , many countries have polished the law of the death penalty .	0
1373	 In the whole world , 51 % countries have polished death penalty ; even , it is at 98 % in Europe .	0
1374	 Some people claim that without this punishment our lives would be less secure and crimes of violence would increase .	0
1375	 However , others argue that it is not essential to control violence in society by the death penalty .	0
1376	 Personally , I think it is no evidence about the reduction of crime rates due to the death penalty because of many reasons .	1
1377	 Firstly , capital punishment is a form of revenge which creates violent culture .	1
1378	 Crimes kill someone which is illegal ; nevertheless , the government use law to punish them , which is the same way they sinned but in a legal one .	1
1379	 As a fact that the criminal is repeated second time ; also , it is regarded as the legalized revenge to victims ' family .	1
1380	 Hence , death penalty neither controls the violent in society nor creates a violent culture .	1
1381	 Secondly , nobody has the right to take another human life .	1
1382	 It is undeniable that the rights of life are the basic and vital rights of a human being .	1
1383	 No one has the right to take the life of a human ; even if he committed murder .	1
1384	 If you kill a criminal , you become a criminal .	1
1385	 Moreover , if we think that killing is the best way to solve the problem , it is neither unethical nor immoral .	1
1386	 In short , crimes seem to increase due to the capital punishment .	1
1387	 Finally , with some of serious criminals , capital punishment is an easy way out .	1
1388	 Criminals should be punished for their misdeeds .	1
1389	 If they kill someone and end their life by dead without paying for their sins , it is so easy for them .	1
1390	 They do not undergo any pain or misery .	1
1391	 Why do not we have other wisely punishments ?	0
1392	 As we can see some industries such as mining , oil and gas extraction , reclamation , etc , needs many labors .	1
1393	 Why do not punish them by doing something meaningful for the country - it is better .	1
1394	 Moreover , rehabilitation and education is also a better way in order to prevent or minimize offensive acts .	1
1395	 To conclude , capital punishment is a form of legalized revenge , it is an easy way for serious crimes , and nobody has rights to take others life ; thus , it neither demines crimes of violence nor be essential to control violence in society .	1
1396	 The world should consider clearly about polishing the law of the dead penalty .	1
1397	 Technology helps student learn more information and learn more quickly ?	0
1398	 Nowadays , technology plays an indispensable role in almost all spheres of life .	0
1399	 In education , it is believed that technology help the students improve their scholastic performances .	0
1400	 From my viewpoint , the richness as well as convenience of technology are two main factors that contribute to the students ' progress .	1
1401	 To start with , since technology was introduced , student have been exposed to a wide range of information , which neccessarily broaden their minds .	1
1402	 The internet , for example , provide knowledge in the form of news , radio talks , tapes or reseachs on any particular fields .	1
1403	 There , the students can not only ascertain concerned subjects but they can also get access to relevant issues and discuss with people worldwide .	1
1404	 Another point that students may benefit from technology is the shortened time for learning .	1
1405	 The modern world provides learners with the mp3 , the mobile phone or the laptop that help them , especially language learners , listen to recordings everywhre or read documents anytime .	1
1406	 Therefore , students will develop their skills at a greater pace .	1
1407	 Moreover , the internet again , is an inexhaustible resource of visual aids , such as educational games , sounds or images with which students may absorb abstract concepts taught at school more briskly and thoroughly .	1
1408	 On balance , I have to consent to the use of technology in education , as it expedites data availability and accelarates students ' learning process .	1
1409	 It is highly recommended that apart from education , technology should be applied in every aspect of life which assures of a better future .	0
1410	 Classmates ' impacts on children ' s performance at school	0
1411	 It goes without saying that no pupil can succeed at school unassisted .	0
1412	 Their success should be attributed to many different external factors .	0
1413	 It is argued that parents who are the closet to children mainly contribute to their accomplishments .	0
1414	 However , in my opinion , the classmates should be regarded as the most important influence on individual achievements .	1
1415	 To begin with , the classmates themselves creat a competitive atmoshphere which incent the children .	1
1416	 In high school , for instance , an individual cannot resist studying painstakingly through day and night when the others who are astoundingly ambitious and set sights on prestigious universities around the globe are doing the same .	1
1417	 From a psychological perspective , the feeling of being subordinate to their peers exert enormous pressure on the children , which subsequently transforms into some sort of stimulants and boosts the children ' s academic performances .	1
1418	 To add up , when it comes to knowledge and the acquisition of such , classmates are second to none .	1
1419	 It is a matter of fact that students share even more time together than with their parents , explaining a great deal of wisdom they absorb from each others ; it can be , for example , lessons on the class , social skills or general etiquettes that are sometimes overlooked by parents .	1
1420	 Sharing the same age , children are at their most comfort to exchange ideas , to query and interpret abstract concepts without fear of parental punishments , resulting in deeper comprehension .	1
1421	 All advantages considered , classmates are unrivalled by the children ' s parents as they provide tremendous incentive and horizon expansion , two crucial commodities leading to a successful presentation at school .	1
1422	 Detailed description of crimes on newspaper and TV can have bad consequences on society	0
1423	 Nowadays , the print as well as the electronic media tend to dedicate large amounts of airtime and space to detailed reports about crimes .	0
1424	 Personally , I believe such details should be strictly censored , if not banned altogether .	1
1425	 It is widely known that the press provide the public with criminal content in order to increase newspaper circulation and TV rating .	1
1426	 These days the primary purpose of journalists covering the details of criminal acts is , more often than that , to boost newspaper circulations and TV ratings .	1
1427	 Consequently , a great deal of crime coverage is rather biased , exaggerated or fraudulent , which only result to terrorize communities and leave law - aiding people increasingly apprehensive of about crimes .	1
1428	 An even more detrimental fact is that detailed reports of crimes exposured on the press may provide the potential criminals with instructive learning materials , which would be hard to obtain otherwise .	1
1429	 This may help those who are in the process of panning a criminal act perfect their plans , avoid the pitfalls and make themselves harder to be tracked down by the police .	1
1430	 Thus , without the prevention on criminal details , the unlawful behavior would be more and more severe and the social harmony would be broken .	1
1431	 Most importantly , particular coverage of heinous crimes may further traumatize the victims of crimes because they have already suffered greatly for what they have experienced .	1
1432	 Without their consent , this could only add to theses innocent people ' s mental suffering and they may do some extreme actions .	1
1433	 In conclusion , I strongly hold my point that any descriptions of crimes should not go unchecked as any longer , as they may be false , may further drive up the already - high crime rate and may bring even more suffering to the victims of crimes .	1
1434	 We can not forcedly put the same numbers of males and females into every subject	0
1435	 There is a view that universities and colleges should equally enroll male and female students in numbers in each faculty .	0
1436	 Personally , I do not agree the viewpoint , because many different characters exist between male and female students .	1
1437	 On one hand , boys and girls have the diversity in psychological modes and individuality .	1
1438	 Most of male students tend to use their left brain to think and act , and they are more rational and logical than girls in many cases .	1
1439	 For instance , there are more male scientists and engineers in comparison with females around the world .	1
1440	 Many boys are interested in science and technology , while a number of girls like to learn literature , education and arts .	1
1441	 Besides , girls are more likely to prefer some jobs related to emotion and communication , such as teacher , singer and interpreter .	1
1442	 This means that girls differ from boys in mind and behaviour to a large extent , and they both have better ability in the specific aspect .	1
1443	 Furthermore , it can have a negative affect on these students to require them to choose a subject in equal proportion of gender , and that does not conform to students ' personality traits and mental development .	1
1444	 For example , a girl , who is interested in literature , is arranged into an engineering department , but she is unlikely to focus on her subject , and this also can block the girl ' s future development and career prospect .	1
1445	 On the other hand , universities should encourage more girls to choose science subjects and more boys to study the humanities , and this could avoid imbalance of gender in some subjects .	1
1446	 It would affect students ' mental health to study in the environment of single gender .	1
1447	 In conclusion , it is necessary for universities to respect the individual choice of subject due to the diversity of boys and girls , and we ca not forcedly put the same numbers of males and females into every subject .	1
