	Sentence	Argument
0	 Should students be taught to compete or to cooperate ?	0
1	 It is always said that competition can effectively promote the development of economy .	0
2	 In order to survive in the competition , companies continue to improve their products and service , and as a result , the whole society prospers .	0
3	 However , when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation , what we are concerned about is not the whole society , but the development of an individual ' s whole life .	0
4	 From this point of view , I firmly believe that we should attach more importance to cooperation during primary education .	1
5	 First of all , through cooperation , children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students .	1
6	 What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly , how to get along with others .	1
7	 During the process of cooperation , children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others , how to communicate with others , how to think comprehensively , and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred .	1
8	 All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life .	1
9	 On the other hand , the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory .	1
10	 Hence it is always said that competition makes the society more effective .	1
11	 However , when we consider about the question that how to win the game , we always find that we need the cooperation .	1
12	 The greater our goal is , the more competition we need .	0
13	 Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance , it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach , and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet , and those who are in charge of the medical care .	1
14	 The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team .	0
15	 Therefore without the cooperation , there would be no victory of competition .	1
16	 Consequently , no matter from the view of individual development or the relationship between competition and cooperation we can receive the same conclusion that a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one ' s success .	1
17	 More people are migrating to other countries than ever before	0
18	 The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries .	0
19	 People moved due to a number of reasons , namely better educations or higher salary jobs .	0
20	 Some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries ' cultures .	0
21	 However I strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values .	1
22	 Firstly , maintaining one ' s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments .	1
23	 Take Australia for example , immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues .	1
24	 Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows , learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values .	1
25	 These feedbacks , in turn , help raise one ' s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more .	1
26	 Thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential .	1
27	 Secondly , it is crucial to keep one ' s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin .	1
28	 For instance , children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends .	1
29	 In this new environment , parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home .	1
30	 Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated , in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism .	1
31	 Hence , it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important .	1
32	 To conclude , although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one ' s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures .	1
33	 As far as I am concerned , sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society .	1
34	 International tourism is now more common than ever before	0
35	 The last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists traveling to visit natural wonder sights , ancient heritages and different cultures around the world .	0
36	 While some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries , I would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations .	1
37	 Firstly , international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country ' s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists .	1
38	 Take Cambodia for example , a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants , hotels , souvenir shops and other stores .	1
39	 These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard .	1
40	 Therefore tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country .	1
41	 Secondly , through tourism industry , many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected .	1
42	 For instance , in Vietnam , many cultural costumes and natural scenes , namely ' Trong Dong ' drum performance and ' Ha Long ' bay , are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry .	1
43	 Without this support and profit from tourism , many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works .	1
44	 Thus , tourism has survived many non - tangible cultural values and beauty scenes .	1
45	 To conclude , as far as I am concerned , international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries .	1
46	 In addition , the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments .	0
47	 Will newspapers become a thing of the past ?	0
48	 The internet has been more and more popular for recent years , providing people with a huge source of information .	0
49	 As a result of this , print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers .	0
50	 Some people , however , still believe that they can exist for long time ; others disagree , arguing that newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence .	1
51	 Personally , I am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons .	0
52	 First of all , to obtain information , using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers .	1
53	 Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper , nowadays , they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet , everywhere and at anytime .	1
54	 As can be seen , these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world , making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages .	1
55	 Hence , the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information .	1
56	 Another point is that , from the economic aspect , buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one .	1
57	 It is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries .	1
58	 The question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same , even usually less information than those he can have with the internet ?	0
59	 The answer , perhaps , is that hardly would rational people do so .	1
60	 For this reason , the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply , possibly leading to the close - downs of many in the coming time .	1
61	 Last , but not least , when taking environment into consideration , people must conceive that the more newspapers are published , the more trees are cut down .	1
62	 This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today .	1
63	 At this point , newspapers ' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive .	1
64	 In conclusion , it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media .	0
65	 However , this , if occurring , should be seen as a result of the ever - increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole .	0
66	 Government budget focus , young children or university ?	0
67	" 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
Education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
investment	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
future	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 68	Doc: essay008
 , as Senator Bernie Sanders once pointed out , education , which fosters a civilized society , plays a significant role in a country ' s long - lasting prosperity ."	0
68	 It is no wonder that governments throughout the world lay special emphasis on education development .	0
69	 As for the two integral components within the system , elementary and advanced education , there ' s no doubt that a government is supposed to offer sufficient financial support for both .	1
70	 Concerning that elementary education , like the base of a architecture , is the fundamental requirement to be a qualified citizen in today ' s society , government should guarantee that all people have equal and convenient access to it .	1
71	 So a lack of well - established primary education goes hand in hand with a high rate of illiteracy , and this interplay seriously compromises a country ' s future development .	1
72	 In other words , if countries , especially the developing countries , are determined to take off , one of the key points governments should set on agenda is to educate more qualified future citizens through elementary education .	1
73	 That ' s not enough , for higher education , which represent the cutting edge of a country ' s academic achievements , act as the vanguard in economic and social advance .	1
74	 The high technology and new ideas applied into practice may not only lead a country to flourish but also elevate its status in the international community .	1
75	 Some may argue that universities can support themselve well by donation or invention , but this argument is invalid .	1
76	 Researches into humanities and art still need large amount of money , what ' s more , government ' s big budget on universities may attract more excellent intellectuals and researchers into the country and enjoy a higher reputation worldwide .	1
77	 From reasons listed above , we can safely draw the conclusion that , a government should spare effort on young children education as well as universities , both are crucial on the way to a brighter future .	1
78	 Roommates quality and their importance	0
79	 Much has been said about the importance about good roommates and how roommates will affect our life in school .	0
80	 Research showed that friends that we made in university are more likely to be life time friends and this especially applicable to roommate .	0
81	 In my personal opinion , the most important quality of roommates is being considered .	1
82	 In the meantime , communication is also another essential particularity of a good roommate .	1
83	 Consideration is always important in relationship .	1
84	 For example , roommate turns down the music or television volume at night time .	1
85	 Sometimes we will not know what we have done until we have a taste of our own medicine .	1
86	 At all times , think about the other ' s feeling before doing any self - centered action would help to improve the roommate relationship tremendously .	1
87	 Therefore , having a considered roommate is significantly imperative to our school life .	1
88	 It will not only prevent conflicts but also to have a friend or even a family member .	1
89	 Moreover , communication is as well making a good roommate .	1
90	 People have different habit in daily life , such as tidy the blanket in the morning .	1
91	 One might think this is a piece of cake while other would consider it as immense project .	1
92	 If one requested to move out just because his roommate do not tidy up the blanket in the morning might be crying over split milk .	1
93	 Therefore , communication is very important as it would clear up the misinterpretation .	1
94	 Through communication , bonded are build and we could have better understanding of each others .	1
95	 In conclusion , there are many valuable factors about roommate that are important .	0
96	 Consideration and communication , in my personal opinion , are the most important quality .	1
97	 However , people might not get what they want all the time .	0
98	 The sky is the limit ; there are all kinds of personality out there .	0
99	 We need to be flexible to be account into society .	0
100	 Should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways	0
101	 Nowadays transportation has attracted much social concern .	0
102	 Whether governments should invest more money in traffic infrastructure or focus more on developing public transportation has erupted endless controversy .	0
103	 It does not seem unreasonable to suggest that governments spend more money on buses , trains , and subways investment .	1
104	 Such public vehicles are used to serve a large number of people in society therefore they help alleviate traffic congestion and decrease the amount of carbon released into the air .	1
105	 Both these two things are important .	0
106	 First and foremost , carbon emission cut is significantly essential for protecting the atmosphere .	1
107	 The fact is that the more cars and motorbikes are on roads , the more seriously the ozone layer is damaged .	1
108	 If governments use more money to improve roads , there is a strong likelihood that more people drive their private cars work .	1
109	 This is sure to lead to more carbon emitted into the atmosphere , which can cause skin cancer and destroy the natural environment .	1
110	 Whereas , if there are more good buses , trains , or subways , people are inclined to use less private vehicles , which decreases the amount of carbon released .	1
111	 Obviously , the policy that concentrates money on developing public transportation brings an advantageous impact on earth .	1
112	 In addition , the policy would play a pivotal part in relieving traffic jam .	1
113	 It is quiet clear that traffic congestion is a serious problem in many big cities .	1
114	 The main reason for this issue is that there are a great number of vehicles flowing on roads .	1
115	 In order to tackle the problem , governments have to turn people ' attention on public vehicles to reduce cars and motorbikes .	1
116	 There is the possibility that improving roads and highways does not seem to reach the major cause of traffic congestion .	1
117	 In conclusion , I would concede that high - quality roads and highways make it easier to move around .	1
118	 Nevertheless , public transportation systems even have more important advantages .	1
119	 They not only ease traffic jam but also protect the atmosphere .	1
120	 That is why many governments around the world invest more money on developing public transportation facilities .	0
121	 Physical exercise	0
122	 Although some people think that the major part of school schedule should be entirely devoted to academics , I truly believe that the physical education part should not be outweighed .	1
123	 Physical exercises help to create healthy nation , assist to learning through direct observation and finally aid to financial development of a country .	1
124	" First of all , the ancient Latin proverb says : 	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
Anima	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
sana	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
corpore	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
sano	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 125	Doc: essay011
 , which means that healthy body is basis for healthy soul ."	1
125	 There is a direct linkage between people ' s health and the frequency of doing physical exercises .	1
126	 The more we practice , the better we feel .	1
127	 Additionally , there is a fact that one can improve health conditions with everyday physical activity : gradually , step by step we change physical condition to better .	1
128	 So , if the entire nation , from their school ages begin going for sports and try doing that everyday , eventually it may help to build healthy nation .	1
129	 Besides , when we practice outdoors and indoors sports , many aspects are getting clearer .	1
130	 For example , when a person goes jogging everyday , eventually he can understand his own body through direct observation .	1
131	 Alike , the school basketball team gains more knowledge on how to succeed in some particular kind of throwing the ball into hoot practicing rather than learning theoretically .	1
132	 Furthermore , almost all natural science discoveries were made by direct observation , which is a part of physical education .	1
133	 Last , but not least , financial sustainability of a region mostly depends on how healthy the population is .	1
134	 For instance , the money invested into physical education program can save allocations into healthcare , since the nation is comparatively healthy .	1
135	 Along with that , physically healthy people can contribute more both into economical and social development .	1
136	 As a matter of fact , the better a person feels , the better his brain works .	1
137	 Therefore , putting physical activities in early steps of human development would finally lead to mentally healthy society .	1
138	 As hence it ends up with financially competitive country .	1
139	 In the conclusion , I would like to say that the more attention is withdrawn to a problem of physical education , the more influence we can get on academic success of students .	1
140	 Advance in transportation and communication like the airplane and the phone	0
141	 Nowadays , everyone can see the effect of technology on their life , especially on the way of transportations and communications such as the airplane and the telephone .	0
142	 There are lots of other effects of growing technology on transportations and communications , which are mentioned as follows .	0
143	 First and foremost , email can be count as one of the most beneficial results of modern technology .	1
144	 Many years ago , peoples had to pay a great deal of money to post their letters , and their payements were related to the weight of their letters or boxes , and many accidents may cause problem that the post could not be delivered .	1
145	 But nowadays , all people can take advantage of internet to have their own email free , and send their emails to everyone in no time , besides they can be sure if their emails have been delivered or not .	1
146	 Another important aspect on technology is transferring money .	1
147	 Today , students can apply for foreign universities much easier than before .	1
148	 Not only with the help of sending email , but also using credit cards to pay all necessary fees online .	1
149	 Therefore , with the advent of internet and online paying systems , you can do many thing at your home easily .	1
150	 Another technological innovations which help people around the world is related to medical equipments .	1
151	 Biomedical engineers could make a significant effect on increasing life expectancy the world .	1
152	 For example , one of their inventions was related to artificial heart valves which can be count as a turning point in heart surgeries .	1
153	 In the past time doctors used pig heart ' s valve to implant , but the patient could not be alive more than 3 years after the replacement .	1
154	 But now , biomedical engineers can make artificial heart valves which works well and doctors can implant them easily .	1
155	 To sum up , technology has helped us to have more comfortable life .	1
156	 You can see its effects on transportation , communication , medicine and so forth .	1
157	 Lessons with teachers versus others sources	0
158	 Over the last half century the change in the life of human beings has increased beyond our wildest expectations .	0
159	 There are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives , such as the Internet , television and cell phone .	0
160	 They all enrich our daily lives .	0
161	 Now , many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful .	0
162	 Many people find that students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers .	1
163	 They argue that teachers teach students how to write , read and calculate since they are in kindergarten .	1
164	 And when they are in primary school , teachers teach them more further knowledge , like writing skills and using computers .	1
165	 It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling .	1
166	 On the other hand , students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers .	1
167	 Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources , such as the Internet and television , firmly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can ' t learn in classes .	1
168	 They can only input some key words and google it , and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it .	1
169	 In this case , students learn things easily .	1
170	 Moreover , they contend that good television programs do teach students .	1
171	 For instance , Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes .	1
172	 Students have knowledge of others cultures , outer space etc .	1
173	 Personally , I think that students learn far more from their teachers than from other source .	1
174	 Because not only do teachers teach us knowledge but also the skills to tell right from wrong .	1
175	 Just imagine : if a student can ' t even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn ?	0
176	 Email and text messaging threats written language	0
177	 The introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication .	0
178	 With this situation , some people believe that they may be factors decreasing the position of written language .	1
179	 I am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means .	0
180	 First of all , it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging , which answers to the question of their great popularity .	1
181	 Before email and mobile phone , human beings communicated by meeting directly , sending letters or later , calling from home phones .	1
182	 Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness , difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information .	1
183	 However , email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above .	1
184	 People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want .	1
185	 Especially , thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging ( SMS ) , it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information , even to many people at the same time .	1
186	 They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways .	1
187	 The popularity of email and text messaging , as a result , leads to the losing of written language ' s position .	1
188	 People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities .	1
189	 The outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form .	1
190	 Even in some cases , people compose a message with only emoticons ( the expressions by face created by service providers ) , which means there is no room for writing or typing texts .	1
191	 Moreover , it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying , writing assignments .	1
192	 If that tendency continues at a rapid pace , written language may face up to a real problem about its stand .	1
193	 In conclusion , we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity .	1
194	 Nevertheless , educators and individuals themselves , especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one .	0
195	 Using animals for the benefit of the human beings	0
196	 With the rapid development of the standard of people ' s life , increasing numbers of animal experiments are done , new medicines and foods , for instance .	0
197	 Some opponents says that it is cruel to animals and nature , however , I believe that no sensible person will deny that it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals .	1
198	 In my essay , I will discuss this issue from twofold aspects .	0
199	 First of all , as we all know , animals are friendly and vital for people , because if there are no animals in the world , the balance of nature will broke down , and we , human , will die out as well .	1
200	 The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals .	1
201	 In other words , doing this various testing is a hazard of human ' s future and next generation .	1
202	 Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance , it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life .	1
203	 To begin with , it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious , and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying .	1
204	 The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human ' s life .	1
205	 Thus even if they are volunteers ; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines .	1
206	 Furthermore , it also have potentially harm for human ' s health without any testing .	1
207	 To sum up , I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals ' profits , the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits .	1
208	 Television is the culprit for destroying communication between friends & family	0
209	 It is very hard to find a home that does not have a television .	0
210	 Nowadays , number of television channels and programs are increasing everyday .	0
211	 Unfortunately , most of people do not have a plan for make a limitation or schedule for watching television .	1
212	 I agree with that idea that television devastate families ties .	1
213	 In spite of enjoying watching television shows , it is really time consuming task .	1
214	 Emergence of new television channels or shows are not surprising .	1
215	 We kill time by tracking these channels so at the end of the day we understand it is late for doing any other activities .	1
216	 This is a problem that suffers all of us everyday .	1
217	 At the end , there is no time for call to our parents or friends .	1
218	 Second , I think watching television programs makes us lazy .	1
219	 We usually spend our times in front of television for at least three ours a day when we come back home after eight - hour working in the office .	1
220	 Hence , we do not have time to spend for healthy activity such as going to a gym or doing other sports .	1
221	 This makes us a lazy person who prefers to do sedentary activities like watching television shows rather than be active and sociable .	1
222	 Last but not least , some television programs have a negative effect on viewers .	1
223	 Some thriller or action movies advertise negative activities such as doing criminal activity .	1
224	 These genre of programs has more negative effects on our teenagers .	1
225	 They usually try to mimic what they see on movies in their daily behaviors .	1
226	 To sum up , killing our time , making us lazy , and advertising negative behaviors are just only few reasons to show how television is destructive .	1
227	 I think it is a global problem to solve this problem and it is need global contribution to find a solution .	1
228	 Gender Equality at university admission	0
229	 Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field .	0
230	 Contrastingly , in the past time , women worked at home and performed sophisticated work .	0
231	 This factor is still affecting thinking of many people .	0
232	 They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only .	0
233	 This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender .	0
234	 Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders .	1
235	 Initially , if we look into the fact , women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor .	1
236	 For example , nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky .	1
237	 They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also .	1
238	 Furthermore , university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination .	1
239	 They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission .	1
240	 However , the current job market affects the decision of universities .	1
241	 Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers .	1
242	 The job selection criteria are pre decided .	1
243	 For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine .	1
244	 They prefer male staff for night shifts .	1
245	 They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling , teaching , designing etc .	1
246	 Therefore , universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender .	1
247	 To conclude , I strongly believe that universities must open choice for everyone to select his subject .	1
248	 Our youth has become very confident towards his career .	1
249	 They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations .	1
250	 Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer .	1
251	 So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal .	1
252	 Some young adults want independence from their parents quickly	0
253	 Many young adults want to get away from their parent ' s houses as soon as possible in order to have no limits , to be independent .	0
254	 But these young people do not take into account that their lives are going to be more difficult , when they are away from home .	1
255	 They will have to pay a lot of bills , because they will have to find a lodging or at least a place where to live and in order to have less expenses they will have to find a co - tenant , who they may not like .	1
256	 Living in their own houses will save the young adults a lot of money .	1
257	 If they live separate from their parents they will have to pay for a loan , electricity , water or even for a meal .	1
258	 If the young adults still study they will have to combine studying with working , because they will not have money to pay for everything .	1
259	 There will not be such worries when young adults live in their own home , because parents will take care for them .	1
260	 Moreover , parents will give their children money in order they to focus only on studying .	1
261	 Another problem that the young adults may encounter is to find a co - tenant , who they do not like .	1
262	 His habits may be totally different from theirs , his behavior may be inappropriate , but they will have to live with him or even share a room , in order to have less expenses .	1
263	 Living with such a person may be a huge problem for the young adults .	1
264	 When the co - tenant do not share their interests and points of view , they will not be able to ask him for advice .	1
265	 Furthermore , they are most likely to quarrel every day , instead of to help each other .	1
266	 In conclusion , I reckon that for the young adults it will be better to live with their parents , because of the benefits they will have .	1
267	 They will not need to worry about financial problems or if they will get on well with their roommate .	1
268	 Air pollution	0
269	 Air pollution is an issue threatening the environment in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the negative way .	0
270	 I believe that more responsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution .	1
271	 First , in most industrialized countries , there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions .	1
272	 The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution .	1
273	 While these companies make a huge amount of money from their businesses , most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution .	1
274	 If these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution , they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause .	1
275	 Second , private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating .	1
276	 As house heating is a major need in the winter time , some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes .	1
277	 Instead of this , some expensive vehicles cause a huge amount of pollution .	1
278	 In my opinion , by charging private individuals for causing air pollution , that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution .	1
279	 On the other hand , I believe that governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies .	1
280	 Governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air , instead of putting all the responsibility to companies and private individuals .	1
281	 In conclusion , due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy environment for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution , both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution .	1
282	 Young people should go to university or not	0
283	 Persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university .	0
284	 In regard to the development of the country , some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities , while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment .	0
285	 In this essay , I will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool - proof decision .	0
286	 To begin with , those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons .	0
287	 From their point of view , the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation , such as mechanics , sales persons , or engineers , and , furthermore , labors for graduates are in short supply .	1
288	 What is worse , the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying .	1
289	 In this regard it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs , even can be a sheer time - consuming .	1
290	 However , on the other side of the coin are voices in the opposition , saying that universities provide not only skills for careers , but also academic knowledge for the human race , such as bio science , politics , and medicine .	1
291	 These academic values are necessary to the progress of the world .	1
292	 More importantly , many researches in the ivory - tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society .	1
293	 Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships , deeper discussion , independent life , and exchange scholarships .	1
294	 To sum up both contentions about the necessity of universities ' education have reasonable justifications ; however , I agree with the latter view .	0
295	 Although higher education does not guarantee young students ' success , the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges .	1
296	 Effects of mobile phones	0
297	 Nowadays , the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well , such as social , medical and technical problems .	0
298	 However , I do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones .	1
299	 In this essay , I would like to analyze these three issues in order to support my viewpoint .	0
300	 First of all , almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems .	1
301	 Mobile phones are not out of expectation .	0
302	 Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas , such as schools , libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive .	1
303	 What is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other .	1
304	 Nevertheless , it is not impossible to solve these problems , as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented .	1
305	 It is also worth mentioning that some harmful effects on our health are lethal .	1
306	 It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers , although the further investigation are needed .	1
307	 Another debatable problem is about techniques .	0
308	 There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party .	1
309	 This possibility exists all the time .	1
310	 But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users .	1
311	 Moreover , the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people ' s daily life .	1
312	 Not only used for communication , but it also functions as an Internet browser , a music player , a personal organizer and so forth .	1
313	 In conclusion , nothing can be overused without side effects .	0
314	 The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people ' s dependence on it is irreversible , although it has a number of problems that should be well handled .	1
315	 Computer has negative effects to children	0
316	 Nowadays , thanks to the development of technology , computer is now indispensable to life .	0
317	 Some people think that computer is good for children and it should be used daily by children but some others think differently .	0
318	 In my opinion , the latter opinion is true .	0
319	 First , using computer constantly has bad influence on children ' s eyes .	1
320	 When they concentrate on computer for too long , their eyes will get tired , which is the main reason for some eyes problems , typically shortsighted .	1
321	 Moreover , children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills , they will know little about the outside life .	1
322	 It is a well - known fact that people who are addicted to games , especially online games , can eventually bear dangerous consequences .	1
323	 For instance , several teenagers play games without rest , which leads to health depression , a typical example is the death of Korean gamer , who had a non - stop playing for 3 days .	1
324	 Finally , even people who are not interested in online game can still be negatively affected by using computer too much .	1
325	 Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose , most of them are attracted by facebook , blog , etc . instead .	1
326	 Due to this neglect , they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet , they will have no time for their studying .	1
327	 In conclusion , although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life , it still has its bad side , especially for children .	1
328	 People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose .	0
329	 Influence of large factories	0
330	 Nowadays , whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society .	0
331	 Out of the case of economic development , industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society .	0
332	 However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution .	0
333	 From my point of view , the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages , if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories .	1
334	 First of all , a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate .	1
335	 To manufacture goods , there must be the demand of laborers , from which the local residents can benefit .	1
336	 What is more , the factory is not isolated , other industries and business will be quickly established , resulting in economic growth of local area .	1
337	 For example , the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers ' accommodation need .	1
338	 The main disadvantage is contamination .	1
339	 It is true that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry , such as water pollution , overcrowded traffic and medical problems .	1
340	 For instance , in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems , such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances .	1
341	 However , it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society .	1
342	 Therefore , how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it .	1
343	 In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well .	1
344	 In conclusion , installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries .	0
345	 Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way .	0
346	 Prepared Food	0
347	 Nowadays , more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals , since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society .	1
348	 However it is obvious that prepared food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients , ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people ' s eating habits .	1
349	 In this essay , I would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above .	0
350	 First of all , to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious , almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people .	1
351	 Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences .	1
352	 For instance , there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases .	1
353	 Thus , easy - to - cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human ' s health .	1
354	 Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition .	1
355	 It is true that cooking prepared food needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food .	0
356	 Whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared food is unable to support enough nutrients we need , especially for children who are growing up .	1
357	 In addition , cooking is one of arts humans create .	0
358	 The more prepared food we eat the more cooking skills we lose .	1
359	 At the increasing living pace , the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes .	1
360	 But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits , which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking .	1
361	 In conclusion , although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work , it is not a good thing .	1
362	 Cooking is not a waste of time , contrarily , it is crucial for our health and culture .	0
363	 Financial aid to develop countries	0
364	 As is commonly understood , there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries .	0
365	 It can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries .	0
366	 However , it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries .	1
367	 This will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters .	0
368	 Firstly , education is an essential part in development .	1
369	 For instance , most developing countries are lack of educational resources , such as experienced teachers , evaluation systems and teaching facilities , which is usually neglected by local authorities .	1
370	 From this example , it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education , the developing countries will remain undeveloped , even though they gain a great deal of economic support .	1
371	 Thus , the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid .	1
372	 In addition , it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world .	0
373	 This means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market .	1
374	 Indeed , they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas .	1
375	 Therefore , developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries .	1
376	 In conclusion , financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries .	1
377	 And it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation .	1
378	 Society should ban all forms of the advertising	0
379	 It is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life .	0
380	 We come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday .	0
381	 Some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing .	0
382	 Other critics say that ads have no purpose , they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned .	0
383	 On my part I would like to solve this issue on a different way .	0
384	 Society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers .	1
385	 First of all , I do support the idea that advertising alcohol , cigarettes , goods and services with adult content should be prohibited because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children .	1
386	 Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis .	1
387	 Fortunately , some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol , cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries .	1
388	 On the other hand by advertising companies , businesses , firms and individuals promote their goods and services .	1
389	 Thanks to ads we learn about new products , we can compare them and choose what ' s the best for us .	1
390	 These days , not only many businesses , but also governments have to rely on advertising .	1
391	 For example , tourism makes up one - third of the Czech Republic ' s economy .	1
392	 In order to promote the country ' s attractions , the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers .	1
393	 Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country .	1
394	 In conclusion , I think that modern society needs advertising .	1
395	 Ads will keep us well informed about new products and services , but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way .	1
396	 Do married women usually work ?	0
397	 Why and why not ?	0
398	 Personally , I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly .	1
399	 Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household .	1
400	 I will mention some basic reasons as following .	0
401	 Firstly , extra income that women earn will contribute to their family ' s expenses .	1
402	 By taking up a job , a wife can earn more money to support her family life .	1
403	 This is really necessary in cases of her husband ' s low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present .	1
404	 So , it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money .	1
405	 Secondly , working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world , strengthen their character and show their capacity .	1
406	 These things in turn will make them more confident , independent .	1
407	 These women will set a good example for their children .	1
408	 Therefore , it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better .	1
409	 Last but not least , nowadays , there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work .	1
410	 Besides the gorvernment ' s policies on limited families and their husbands ' sharing in the housework , many employers are willing to offer part - time jobs for women .	1
411	 In conclusion , a well - organized home does not need the housewife ' s presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home .	1
412	 Government and education	0
413	 Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world .	0
414	 I completely agree that government should provide those education to their people ; however , for the more higher education like university , the students or their parents should pay for the fees .	1
415	 Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees .	1
416	 In the other hand , I don ' t think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students ' primary and secondary education .	1
417	 It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students ' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education .	1
418	 Moreover , students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part - time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it .	1
419	 They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves .	1
420	 In addition to that , the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well .	1
421	 Furthermore , this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future .	1
422	 In conclusion , I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them .	1
423	 Alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion	0
424	 Recently , a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation .	0
425	 Some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation , while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution .	0
426	 In my opinion , I strongly agree that alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced .	1
427	 In this essay , several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages .	0
428	 Firstly , an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution .	1
429	 Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air , the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants .	1
430	 Therefore , it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles .	1
431	 Secondly , an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion .	1
432	 Once we get into the traffic jam , it forces us to waste our time for a while .	1
433	 What is worse , traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result , it leads to an increase of traffic accidents .	1
434	 Thus , the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented .	1
435	 In order to solve these problems , alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively .	1
436	 With regard to the former , alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal .	1
437	 For example , rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries .	1
438	 This system is that at the corner of each district , the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee .	1
439	 Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses , it is a better form to protect environment than automobile .	1
440	 As for the latter point , the introduction of international laws can be also effective .	1
441	 For instance , there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only .	1
442	 Thus , these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution .	1
443	 In summary , even though some people claim the convenience of automobile , I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion .	1
444	 Giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect	0
445	 In this world , there is no one who does not know this world ' globalization ' , which means the world are more closer , and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways .	0
446	 That is why governmental and non - governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries .	0
447	 It is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries .	1
448	 In addition , a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries .	1
449	 However , I agree that aiding poor countries has positive effects , overweighing its side - effects for the several reasons .	1
450	 First of all , poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer .	1
451	 To be out of poverty , it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light , electricity , load , highways , natural resources , technology and buildings for companies .	1
452	 Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business .	1
453	 In actual , republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960 ' s .	1
454	 Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties .	1
455	 Secondly , aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people .	1
456	 If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases , they would never take their abundance for granted .	1
457	 It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love , but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization .	1
458	 Third , the campaigns might include practical benefits .	1
459	 In globalized world , the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others .	1
460	 When America mortgage loan system went bad , several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated , even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt .	1
461	 In conclusion , there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid ; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people , keeping strong global economy .	1
462	 I strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers , and it will make the earth a better place to live .	1
463	 Effects of globalization	0
464	 During the history of the world , every change has its own positive and negative sides .	0
465	 Globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception .	0
466	 Although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world ; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue .	0
467	 Some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country .	1
468	 They think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments .	1
469	 Those who disagree , believe that globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects .	1
470	 Developing globalization , people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world .	1
471	 In addition , they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries .	1
472	 Moreover , the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization .	1
473	 In conclusion , I would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress .	1
474	 I think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them .	0
475	 Study at school or get a job ?	0
476	 Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future .	0
477	 Others , however , think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job .	0
478	 Personally , I tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school .	1
479	 First of all , schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying .	1
480	 It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things .	1
481	 Second of all , schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students .	1
482	 Students may learn professional skills , expand their understandings and gain experiences .	1
483	 Therefore , they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future .	1
484	 For example , as we know , employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills .	1
485	 Nevertheless , it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job .	1
486	 Whether children can learn a lot at school , there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future .	1
487	 Furthermore , children can learn social skills when they have a job .	1
488	 They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school .	1
489	 Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they ' ve earned .	1
490	 Overall , I believe that students should study at school .	1
491	 Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job , studying at school is always the best choice for children ' s future .	1
492	 There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job .	1
493	 High sales reflect power of advertising and not the real need	0
494	 Nowadays , we can see advertisements everywhere , from television set to posters on the streets .	0
495	 Some people believe that these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television .	1
496	 I tend to agree with this view .	0
497	 To boost their sales and win over customers , companies pour a great amount of money into advertising .	1
498	 Most of the time , it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product .	1
499	 By which I mean , huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product .	1
500	 By casting famous singers in their television advertisement , motorcycles or clothes for example , sales increase significantly since youngsters , as the target consumers , love celebrities .	1
501	 Since having these products shows their status , the quality obviously is not relatively important .	1
502	 However , despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated , it is also true that it plays and important role economically .	1
503	 They introduce new products , and provide various choices , not to mention they are often visually enjoyable , since they aim to grab your attention .	1
504	 Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels , creates a fair environment for commercial competition .	1
505	 Otherwise the market may be monopolistic , and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective .	1
506	 The power of advertising maybe over - rated , we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers .	1
507	 No matter how appealing the advertisements are , we should be able to make the decision on our own .	0
508	 Gun control	0
509	 Gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society , which is strictly controlled in most countries .	0
510	 However , gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others .	0
511	 Therefore , this is still a controversial topic around the world .	0
512	 From my point of view , it is sensible to enforce the gun control .	1
513	 The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns .	0
514	 The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns .	1
515	 For example , we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting .	1
516	 So the fewer guns possessed , the fewer accidents would happened , our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates .	1
517	 Secondly , most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns , especially in some countries where guns are available for people .	1
518	 Eventually , guns will create a violent society if the trend continues .	1
519	 Take an example , in American , young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns , which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting .	1
520	 What is worse , some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police , which makes citizens always live in danger .	1
521	 Thirdly , the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide .	1
522	 In the US , firearms remain the most common method of suicide , accounting for about 50 per cent .	1
523	 Unfortunately , there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over .	1
524	 In conclusion , considering the rise in accident rates , violent crime rates and suicide rates , I support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence .	1
525	 International sporting occasions help to ease international tensions	0
526	 International sporting events are a good change to create a multi - nation community of fans having the same passion .	0
527	 It will help people around the world understand each other more .	0
528	 Since , international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
529	 An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world .	1
530	 For the time of occasions , people regardless of nationality , origin and religion will live together .	1
531	 People can understand more about a country , it is useful to ease tensions between nations .	1
532	 For example in FIFA World Cup 2010 , the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking .	1
533	 The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action .	1
534	 However , due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism .	1
535	 It is rare times when people can learn about this country .	1
536	 It really help to alleviate the tension .	1
537	 Besides easing tensions , an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
538	 When they garther together to encourage their team , they will show their patriotic emotions .	1
539	 Regardless of the competition between teams , their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport .	1
540	 Moreover , all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media .	1
541	 They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people .	1
542	 In Olympic Beijing 2008 , Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country .	1
543	 First of all , foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students .	1
544	 They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality , beauty in each cities .	1
545	 Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world .	1
546	 In conclusion , International sporting events will draw the international concern .	1
547	 It will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
548	 Why should human beings travel to outer space ?	0
549	 For many centuries , outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study .	0
550	 Space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful .	0
551	 However , a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money , to illustrate , astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment .	0
552	 On the other hand , there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space .	1
553	 Firstly , many facts about solar system can be discovered .	1
554	 For instance , a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round , not flat .	1
555	 Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun , not vice versa .	1
556	 If it was not for the space exploration , we would never know these facts .	1
557	 Secondly , people can know more about the planet earth itself .	1
558	 By observing planet earth from outer space , people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth .	1
559	 With this knowledge , people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming .	1
560	 Finally , a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented .	1
561	 As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in , scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks .	1
562	 Oxygen tanks , for instance , are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater .	1
563	 Moreover , spaceships , communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society .	1
564	 As a conclusion , I personally think that human beings should travel to outer space .	1
565	 In spite of costing a fortune , space exploration has given aforementioned benefits .	0
566	 Benefits of students doing extra jobs	0
567	 In present day and age , students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university .	0
568	 This phenomenon , although in some extents , are proved to have negative effects , I feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages .	0
569	 In this essay , some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained .	0
570	 It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs .	1
571	 Part - time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities .	1
572	 In addition , that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities .	1
573	 As a result , students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands - on experience .	1
574	 Moreover , having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation .	1
575	 Secondly , students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones .	1
576	 By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation , then students ' confidence could be significantly gained .	1
577	 Also , working conditions require students the independency in thinking , working , and solving problems , which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities .	1
578	 Lastly , doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation .	1
579	 Indeed , high studying tuition , added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students .	1
580	 With the money they earn from extra jobs , which normally is not much , those difficulties could be partially solved .	1
581	 Moreover , that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well - prepared condition for their independent later life .	1
582	 In conclusion , I feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits .	1
583	 By taking on an extra job , students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience , confidence and accommodation .	1
584	 It is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future .	0
585	 Sporting events easing international tensions , releasing patriotic feelings	0
586	 For most folks on Earth , the need to gather in one place , and enjoy competition with other talented people from different cultures through popular games has always been a strong motivation .	0
587	 This trend is so deeply engraved in people ' s mind that the organisation of such events continue to be planned , even when some participants are facing grievous social problems .	0
588	 It is agreed that large scale sports games make people focus on attractive contests instead of international disputes , and help them being proud of their nation .	1
589	 This will be proved by analysing how sports events may be an important link to the peace , and by how they encourage people to display their national symbols .	0
590	 Firstly , during times of war , people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event .	1
591	 For example , when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War , its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers .	1
592	 This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back , sooner or later , to a relative peaceful normality .	1
593	 Thus , world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace .	1
594	 Secondly , these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country .	1
595	 For instance , when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa , its citizens filled up the stadiums , cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field .	1
596	 South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night .	1
597	 This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team .	1
598	 As a result , it is clear that people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events .	1
599	 In conclusion , after analysing the effects of world games both for countries at war and for organising countries , it is clear that they not only constitute a tremendous appeal towards a peaceful society , but also guide the public demonstrations of national proudness .	1
600	 This has been true for centuries and will certainly not change in the foreseeable future .	1
601	 Government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy	0
602	 The increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past .	0
603	 It is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco - friendly .	0
604	 I will analyze these areas in the essay .	0
605	 Firstly , the major source of energy today is water .	1
606	 Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source .	1
607	 To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short .	1
608	 Thus , during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India .	1
609	 If the government encourage the use of nuclear , solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity .	1
610	 Therefore , it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources .	1
611	 Secondly , the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming .	1
612	 For example , the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming .	1
613	 In the same way , the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro - kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution .	1
614	 To conclude , it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy .	1
615	 This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming .	1
616	 Further , government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy .	0
617	 Should governments be responsible to help the unemployed and homeless	0
618	 Unemployment is clearly a global problem , be it in developed countries or developing ones .	0
619	 However , I tend to believe it is the responsibility of these disadvantaged citizens , rather than the government , to help them out .	1
620	 Government money should be spent on publicly beneficial programs only .	1
621	 Tax revenue is collected from those who works .	1
622	 Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers .	1
623	 Besides , there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure , such as health care service and education , so addressing unemployment should have low priority .	1
624	 Also , it is obvious that , to survive in this competitive world , one has to work hard and equip themselves well .	1
625	 If they could get free financial help from the government , they might end up with out any motivation to work at all .	1
626	 Of course , this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance .	1
627	 They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support .	1
628	 In this case , the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest - free bank loans for them , so that they can have the chance to get back to work .	1
629	 After all , it is beneficial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again .	1
630	 In conclusion , my point of view is that , although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people , direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity .	1
631	 True function of a university	0
632	 Universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise .	0
633	 Whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts : where more and more is known about less and less .	0
634	 Nevertheless , among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job - seeking and other aspects in everyday life .	0
635	 However , although I respect the universities ' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause , I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university .	0
636	 A university , in common sense , is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge .	1
637	 What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for , not the employers , as students are the ones here to seek knowledge .	1
638	 High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons : a degree that ' s more widely accepted , gain knowledge and insight into an industry , or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field .	1
639	 On the other hand , universities are regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather .	1
640	 It is , therefore , not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university , but instead , these must be made available when needed .	1
641	 So the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information , rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers ' taste .	1
642	 In conclusion , the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources .	1
643	 It would be helpful , however , if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures .	0
644	 Zoos should be built to protect rural animals	0
645	 Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate , with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals , while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos .	0
646	 From my perspective , animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos .	1
647	 To begin with , it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings .	1
648	 Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals , it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in .	1
649	 Apparently , the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss .	1
650	 Moreover , if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period , it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures .	1
651	 As a result , the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression .	1
652	 It seems that zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives .	1
653	 Nevertheless , supporters would argue that zoos , which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals , would provide better care for the animals inside .	1
654	 They further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting .	1
655	 However , I would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat .	1
656	 It seems that the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide .	1
657	 By way of conclusion , it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression .	1
658	 Distance - learning vs . attending school in person	0
659	 A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance - learning should be promoted as much as possible , or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees .	0
660	 From my perspective , online - teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions .	1
661	 To begin with , distance - learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world .	1
662	 In earlier times , students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby , regardless of any differences in teaching facilities , teacher ' s qualifications or the school reputation .	1
663	 Now , however , students are able to apply for online - courses provided by top - of - the - range universities and colleges worldwide .	1
664	 Furthermore , the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students .	1
665	 Consequently , educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher - student ratios .	1
666	 Thanks to the economical online - teaching , universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains .	1
667	 Nevertheless , opponents of online - degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates .	1
668	 They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life .	1
669	 It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive .	1
670	 By way of conclusion , it is my belief that distance - learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases .	1
671	 However , discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished .	0
672	 Do modern communication technologies benefit all people	0
673	 Modern communication technologies such as mobile phones , e - mails and internet chat programs like the MSN Messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years .	0
674	 Yet , there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative .	0
675	 Although there are valid arguments to the contrary , it is my belief that the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication .	1
676	 To begin with , mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business .	1
677	 With the click of a button , the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds .	1
678	 Furthermore , it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world .	1
679	 With a mobile phone or a laptop , a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop , in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine .	1
680	 Therefore , it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind .	1
681	 Nevertheless , opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits .	1
682	 They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money .	1
683	 Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services .	1
684	 Consequently , people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies .	1
685	 By way of conclusion , I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases ; however , the have - nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn ' t afford it .	1
686	 Should high school make music lessons compulsory	0
687	 Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject , while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional .	0
688	 In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides .	0
689	 It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology .	1
690	 Therefore , many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music .	1
691	 I have an impression that students , who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time .	1
692	 In this case , music can be a useful and interesting solution .	1
693	 Moreover , if musical activity involves many participants , there will be co - operation and developed team work in the group , which is , of course , beneficial in their future life .	1
694	 In fact , students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music .	1
695	 Consequently , the calm atmosphere in the class might be created .	1
696	 By contrast , it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students .	1
697	 In our hectic life , however , demand is not for musically orientated students , but for academically developed employees .	1
698	 Hence , I agree with the majority , because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it .	1
699	 Increasingly however , students can not obtain supposed impacts , unless they get interested in it more seriously .	1
700	 Therefore , music and other entertaining subjects should be optional .	1
701	 Nowadays , time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace .	1
702	 To my mind , students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation - related subjects , rather than playing on guitar or singing a song .	1
703	 In conclusion , I think that in order to be a competitive worker , students must know their field in an advanced level .	0
704	 On the other hand , music can help an individual to shape its character .	1
705	 An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory .	1
706	 Universities should give money to sport activities or libraries	0
707	 Libraries and sports activities play important roles in universities success .	0
708	 Most university rankings pay attention to quality of these two activities .	0
709	 In my opinion universities should invest in libraries more than anywhere else .	1
710	 First , I think a library is vital and strategical part of a university .	1
711	 All professors and students need to have a modern and well - equipped library because , after internet , library plays an important role in research .	1
712	 Although sport is important , it does not have the same priority of library has .	1
713	 In addition only small part of students attend sport activities .	1
714	 For example , in my university number of students who use the library is much more than students do sports activities .	1
715	 Second , usually libraries do not have income .	1
716	 Most libraries are free not for students also for public .	1
717	 Hence , universities support is vital for libraries .	1
718	 But sport activities have a good income because every sport has different matches and for each match they have a lot sponsors .	1
719	 Also , they have this chance to sell their important matches tickets .	1
720	 To conclude , there are good ways for sports activities to compensate their expenses , but it is very hard for libraries to find a good way for have an income .	1
721	 Last but not least , investing in libraries has a long - time result .	1
722	 For example , a library can buy a lot of new books or they can buy more computers .	1
723	 Most of the library facilities are stable and you can use them for a long time .	1
724	 Besides , in the far future , they become more valuable .	1
725	 On the other side , most sports facilities except buildings are usually can be used in short - time and they are not persistent for a long - time .	1
726	 In spite of the importance of sports activities , libraries are more important .	1
727	 They are critical part of universities and a good university has to have a modern library .	1
728	 Humans should be able to use animals for their own benefit ?	0
729	 Man has dominated all his fellow beings on earth because of his superior brain .	0
730	 He has domesticated a large number of animals and birds and makes use of them to make life easier and convenient for himself .	0
731	 Many people encourage the use of animals for their personal needs , while others are concerned that animals should not be misused .	0
732	 This essay will discuss some arguments for and against animal domestication .	0
733	 Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as , cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them .	1
734	 Likewise , other animals such as , horses , cattles and donkeys for farming , agriculture and as a mode of transportation .	1
735	 Many people keep pets like dogs and cats , trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples .	1
736	 They are kept for security purposes in houses .	1
737	 On the other hand , many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits .	1
738	 For instance , cows are often injected by Oxytocin , a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation .	1
739	 This in turn , causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle .	1
740	 Furthermore , thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products .	1
741	 Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights .	1
742	 Many other practices like , equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster .	1
743	 And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals .	1
744	 From my prospective , human being should behave as a guardian to animals rather than as their lord or masters .	1
745	 Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime .	1
746	 Museums and art galleries will disappear soon ?	0
747	 It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology ; therefore , some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon .	0
748	 Although modern technology make it possible , I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear .	1
749	 On the one hand , technology indeed simplifies people ' s life all the time .	1
750	 Obviously , people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home , save the time and money on the road , which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society .	1
751	 However , in accordance with recent research , experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face - to - face communication .	1
752	 On the other hand , the importance of museums and art galleries is plain in terms of education and culture .	1
753	 First of all , authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos .	1
754	 It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos , so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it .	1
755	 Furthermore , museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages ; therefore , these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture .	1
756	 In conclusion , I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions , but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture .	1
757	 Should teenagers learn all school subjects / focus on one subject	0
758	 Presently , it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school .	0
759	 Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject .	0
760	 Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children .	0
761	 While , others claim that studying only one subject is more effective .	0
762	 Before rendering my own opinion , I will explore sides of this topic .	0
763	 The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized .	1
764	 In the first place , with some basic knowledge of diverse fields , students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future .	1
765	 Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate .	1
766	 In students ' point of view , the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes .	1
767	 However , still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum , instead , they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done .	1
768	 Besides , most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs .	1
769	 Those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness .	1
770	 This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects .	1
771	 However , the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected .	0
772	 Most importantly , under such target - oriented education environment , teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study .	1
773	 Moreover , the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study .	1
774	 It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students ' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents , while its shortfalls are so vital to students ' future .	1
775	 Therefore , I do support the view of learning all school subjects .	1
776	 Influence of English - advantages outweigh the disadvantages	0
777	 In the present age , it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of English .	0
778	 Some people claim it ' s a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits .	1
779	 Personally , I agree with the former opinion .	0
780	 No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally .	1
781	 To begin with , communication between countries and cultures become convenient .	1
782	 In my country , English is a required course from elementary school .	1
783	 Thus , studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters .	1
784	 For them , language obstacle is no longer a problem , which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country .	1
785	 This , in turn , enhances relationship and promotes international business .	1
786	 Furthermore , researchers , especially those who work on high - tech , would have wider range of references if they are good at English .	1
787	 Taking IT industry for an example , top technical science is published in English .	1
788	 It ' s neither to get a translated version of these articles , nor to always have a translator besides .	1
789	 As a result , they have no choice but choosing English as a second language .	1
790	 Admittedly , opponents may blame that English is making lesser - known languages disappear ever year .	1
791	 Hence , the culture heritage and nation identity vanish .	1
792	 However , this is really short - sighted , ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society .	1
793	 In conclusion , in spite of some negative effects , I ' m totally convinced that the prevalent usage of English brings benefits to people and countries all around .	1
794	 I suggest all youths should learn English owing to its key role in globalization .	0
795	 But at the same time , actions , like recording , can be taken to protect native languages and cultures .	0
796	 Creativity - should it be given freedom or restrictions	0
797	 Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious .	0
798	 Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds .	0
799	 Creativity originates in a free mind .	1
800	 Hence , creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions .	1
801	 Time and again , creative artists like Michaelangelo , Picasso , Salman Rushdie , Shakespeare etc . have made artistic works which gave a social message .	1
802	 Right from sculptures to paintings , books to drama and movies , all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras .	1
803	 Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message .	1
804	 Nonetheless , innovative works makes people realize things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience .	1
805	 It helps to raise issues and criticize the wrong doings of the governments .	1
806	 For instance , Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government , just because she raised a social issue .	1
807	 This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds .	1
808	 In addition , creativity also gives aesthetic charm .	1
809	 Unfortunately , many governments restrict the artists .	0
810	" Frank Zappa once said , 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
Mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
parachute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
doesn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
open	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 811	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Restrictions	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
curb	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
innovative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
artists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
limit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
brains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 812	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Like	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
artists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
freedom	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
express	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
freely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 813	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
artists	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
hurt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
sentiments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 814	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
artists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
involved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
controversies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
hurting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
religious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
beliefs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
common	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 815	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Artists	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
self	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
awareness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
create	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
vulgar	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
hurtful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
useless	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
serve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
purpose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 816	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
artists	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
given	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
freedom	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
expression	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 817	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Mind	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
chained	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
boundaries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 818	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Imagination	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
its	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
relaxed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
fear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
restrictive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
laws	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 819	Doc: essay057
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Competition	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
co	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
operation	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
which	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
better	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 820	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
full	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
cut	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
throat	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
competition	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 821	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
inculcating	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
co	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
operative	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
approach	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
child	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
essential	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
competing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
best	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
way	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
succeed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 822	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
co	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
operative	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
approach	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
always	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
helps	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
child	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
become	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
adult	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
with	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
good	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
moral	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
values	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
friendly	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
social	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
circle	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 823	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Co	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
operation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
teamwork	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 824	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Educational	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
systems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
emphasize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
encouraging	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
co	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
operative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 825	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
setup	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
mutual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
sharing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 826	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
everything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
oneself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 827	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
lions	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
hunt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 828	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
teamwork	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
catch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
prey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
task	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 829	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
same	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
way	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
co	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
operative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 830	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
co	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
operation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
understand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
perspective	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
mistakes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 831	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
identify	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
strengths	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
weaknesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 832	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
co	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
operative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
create	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
inspirational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
motivational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
feeling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
seeing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
achievements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 833	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
competition	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
co	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
operation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 834	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
the	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
meaning	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
of	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
competiton	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
has	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
been	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
modified	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
in	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
a	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
wrong	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
direction	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 835	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
An	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
compete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
oneself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
trying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
beat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 836	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Competition	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 837	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Competition	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
improvement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
evolution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 838	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
example	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
every	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 839	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
options	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 840	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
blind	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
selfish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
detrimental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 841	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
'	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
Your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
loss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
fruitful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
run	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 842	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Competition	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
based	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
self	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
improvement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
rule	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 843	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
healthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
involves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
raising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
level	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
above	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 844	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
competition	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
and	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
co	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
operation	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
go	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
hand	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
in	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
hand	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 845	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
are	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
two	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
sides	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
of	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
the	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
same	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
coin	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
which	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
can	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
'	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
t	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
be	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
separated	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 846	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
that	O	O	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
children	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
taught	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
co	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
operation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
complimented	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
healthy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
competition	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	Y	SP: 28	Sentence: 847	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
must	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
be	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
made	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
aware	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
of	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
the	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
demerits	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
of	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
selfish	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
competition	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 29	Sentence: 848	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
co	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
-	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
operation	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
and	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
healthy	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
competition	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
is	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
followed	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
together	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
success	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
achievements	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
,	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
recognition	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
and	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
any	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
goal	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
becomes	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
easier	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
.	O	O	N	SP: 30	Sentence: 849	Doc: essay058
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
punishment	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 850	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Crime	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 851	Doc: essay059
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 851	Doc: essay059
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 851	Doc: essay059
punishable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 851	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 851	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Retribution	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
method	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
countering	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
criminals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 852	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
countries	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
have	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
stringent	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
rules	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
like	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
capital	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
punishment	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
while	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
other	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
have	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
lot	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
flexibility	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
judicial	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
system	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 853	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
strict	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
laws	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
like	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
capital	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 854	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
given	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
 rarest of the rare 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
cases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 855	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Its	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
foremost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
objective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
safety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
beings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 856	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
criminal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
becomes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
threat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
heinous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
given	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
capital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 857	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
capital	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
protects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
hardcore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
criminals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 858	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
capital	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
curbs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
inspiration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
prospects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
hateful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 859	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
criminal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
knows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
quantum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
fear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 860	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
rate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
crime	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
violence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
effectively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
decreased	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 861	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
capital	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
saves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
funding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
wasted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
maintenance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
hardcore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
criminals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 862	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Criminals	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
don	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
t	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
improvement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
past	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
record	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
crimes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
therefore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
capital	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 863	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
jury	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
giving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
verdict	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
humans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 864	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
discretion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 865	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
mistakes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
sometimes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
innocent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
circumstantially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
marred	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
criminals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 866	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
jury	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
therefore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
account	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
circumstances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
committing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 867	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
example	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
murders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
defense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
heinous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 868	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Only	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
deserving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
criminals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
hateful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
senses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
subjected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
capital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 869	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
control	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
violence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 870	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
that	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
psychopaths	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
terrorists	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
any	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
criminal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
lacks	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
empathy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
human	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
deserve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
capital	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 871	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
safeguard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
rights	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
strict	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
effective	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
manner	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 872	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
,	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
it	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
should	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
be	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
considered	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
as	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
the	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
last	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
option	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
by	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
the	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
jury	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
and	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
all	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
circumstances	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
must	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
be	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
taken	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
into	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
account	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
before	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
pronouncing	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
the	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
final	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
verdict	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
.	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 873	Doc: essay059
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
break	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
bad	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
after	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
high	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 874	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Studies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
essential	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
part	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 875	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
permit	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
take	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
break	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
from	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
studies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
between	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
high	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
school	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
university	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
studies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
considered	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
waste	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
time	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 876	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
break	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
year	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
young	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
after	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
finishing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 877	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
most	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
education	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
systems	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
child	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
studies	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
continuously	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
from	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
age	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
of	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
5	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
till	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
16	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
years	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
of	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
age	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 878	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
relaxation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
year	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
minds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
quintessential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
change	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 879	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
continuous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
10	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
saturated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
robot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
follow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
instructions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 880	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
break	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
refresh	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
systems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
traveling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
following	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
hobbies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 881	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
start	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
break	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
fresh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
challenge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 882	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
during	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
high	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
school	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
many	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
students	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
face	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
dilemma	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
to	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
decide	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
which	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
stream	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
should	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
they	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
major	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
in	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 883	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Working	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
traveling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
after	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
field	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
interest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 884	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
professional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
setup	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 885	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Financially	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
little	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
support	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 886	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
utilize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
preparation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
desired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 887	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
there	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
are	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
also	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
disadvantages	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 888	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
break	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
disturb	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
focus	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
prove	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
detrimental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 889	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
breaks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
illusion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
salary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
utopia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 890	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
cousin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
customer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
centre	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
distracted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 891	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
failed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
miserably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 892	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
indulge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
drinking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 893	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
break	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
should	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
be	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
an	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
optional	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
thing	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 894	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
varies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
utilize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
period	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 895	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
break	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
benefits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
harms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 896	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
sole	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
purpose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
nurture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
young	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
thrust	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 897	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
break	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
necessarily	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
allowed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
young	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
minds	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
between	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
studies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 898	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Countries	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
like	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
India	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
where	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
such	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
break	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
is	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
considered	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
blot	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
,	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
should	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
understand	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
that	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
young	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
minds	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
are	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
delicate	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
and	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
they	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
face	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
a	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
cut	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
-	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
throat	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
competition	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 899	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
year	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
break	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
can	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
help	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
young	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
people	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
to	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
for	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
the	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
challenges	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
of	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
life	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
.	O	O	N	SP: 27	Sentence: 900	Doc: essay060
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
universities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
accept	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
equal	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
number	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
males	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
/	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
females	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 901	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 902	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Its	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
debatable	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
issue	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
whether	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
universities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
accept	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
equal	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
number	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
males	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
females	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
course	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 903	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
since	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
both	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
genders	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
equally	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
important	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
both	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
must	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
given	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
equal	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
opportunities	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 904	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Universities	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
must	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
admit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
both	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
equal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
numbers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
depending	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
choices	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 905	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Right	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
males	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
females	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 906	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
aims	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
empowerment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
and	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
to	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
achieve	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
this	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
females	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
equal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
males	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 907	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
accept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
equal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
genders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
nurture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
talent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
healthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
competitive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 908	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Co	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
genders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
gel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 909	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
behave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
cooperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 910	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
example	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
boy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
colleges	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
generally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
talk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
female	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
behave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 911	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
other	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
females	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
girl	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
colleges	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
shy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
boys	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 912	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Co	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
eradicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
demerit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 913	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Universities	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
giving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
both	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
genders	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
equal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
challenges	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
run	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 914	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
male	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
chauvinists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
women	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
incapable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
particular	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
fields	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
maths	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
mechanical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
engineering	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
defense	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
etc	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 915	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
gender	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
biased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
detrimental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 916	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Time	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
and	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
again	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
women	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
proved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
mettle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 917	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Women	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Margaret	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Thatcher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Indira	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Gandhi	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Mari	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
Curie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
.	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
symbols	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
intelligence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 918	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
I	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
both	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
genders	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
equal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
rights	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
universities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
accept	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
them	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
equal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
numbers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 919	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Equality	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 920	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
genders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
fulcrum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
none	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
superior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
inferior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 921	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Choice	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
course	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
should	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
be	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
discretion	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
student	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
and	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
their	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
merit	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
,	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
irrespective	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
of	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
gender	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 922	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Educational	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
rights	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
must	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
be	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
given	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
to	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
both	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
genders	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
.	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 923	Doc: essay062
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
will	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
spend	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
less	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
time	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
cooking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
food	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 924	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Perhaps	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
significant	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
cooking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
food	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
because	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
affects	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
everybody	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
daily	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
lives	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 925	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
hold	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
spend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
much	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
time	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
food	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 926	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
do	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
likely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
less	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
cooking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
food	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 927	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
various	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
why	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
I	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
maintain	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
viewpoint	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
among	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
those	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
two	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
important	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
ones	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 928	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
kitchen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
microwaves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
cookers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
created	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
invented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
cook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 929	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
a	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
result	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
meal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
two	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
three	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
last	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
10	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 930	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Actually	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
walks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
realizing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
benefit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
technologies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
housework	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 931	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
figure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
continuously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
along	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
improvement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 932	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
certain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
spending	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
less	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
cooking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
main	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
trend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
near	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 933	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
most	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
young	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
prefer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
meals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
restaurants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
because	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
invest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 934	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
According	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
a	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
recent	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
survey	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
89	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
%	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
since	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
filled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
competitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
pressures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
update	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
acquire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
kinds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 935	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
cook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
meal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 936	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
spare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
prefer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
relax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
relieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 937	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
people	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
may	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
investing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
cooking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
guarantee	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
nutrition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 938	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
some	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
extent	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
it	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
is	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
true	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 939	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
as	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
matter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
nutrition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 940	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
ozone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
machines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
bacterias	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
mold	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
spores	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
pesticide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
vegetables	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
fruits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
killed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
removed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
health	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
eaters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
assured	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 941	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
along	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
requirements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
under	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
severe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
supervision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
appropriate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
authorities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 942	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
quite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
nutritious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
meal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
guaranteed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 943	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
sum	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
up	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
if	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
all	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
those	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
factors	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
are	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
contemplated	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
it	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
is	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
obviously	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
found	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
there	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
are	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
many	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
solid	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
to	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
support	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
my	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
viewpoint	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 944	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
from	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
what	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
have	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
been	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
discussed	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
above	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
I	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
affirm	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
the	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
that	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
less	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
cooking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
food	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 945	Doc: essay063
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Traditional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
games	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
modern	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
games	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
developing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
skills	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 946	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Games	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
played	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
key	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
role	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
children	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
growth	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
especially	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
terms	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
abilities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 947	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
technological	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
advances	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
children	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
access	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
modern	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
games	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
currently	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 948	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
such	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
case	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
relative	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
importance	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
games	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
modern	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
games	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
children	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
'	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
s	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
developments	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
skills	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
has	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
become	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
frequent	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
topic	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
discussion	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 949	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
me	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
parents	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
educators	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
attach	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
importance	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
games	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 950	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
true	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
modern	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
extent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
beneficial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
foster	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
computer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
capacity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
latest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
trend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 951	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
is	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
proficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
join	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
acquire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
powerful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
skill	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 952	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
the	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
same	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
time	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
state	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
raising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
awareness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
innovation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
stay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
conservative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 953	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
I	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
think	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
traditional	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
still	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
indispensible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
process	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
even	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
modern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
especially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
modern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 954	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
primary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
merit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
foster	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 955	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unlike	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
interactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
machines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
relaxing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
enjoyable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
atmosphere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
chat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
laugh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
cooperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 956	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
a	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
result	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
communicating	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
issue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 957	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
educational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
functions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
hold	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
alive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
today	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 958	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
elaborately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
devised	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
educators	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
proven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
effective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
improving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
previous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
teaching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
practices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 959	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
modern	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
purpose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
profits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 960	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
exposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
unhealthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
contents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
violence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
pornography	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
arranged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
secure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
survival	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 961	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
would	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
traditional	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
games	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
means	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
ignored	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
parents	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
advent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
games	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 962	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Only	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
ensured	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
positive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
process	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 963	Doc: essay064
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Government	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
shouldn	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
t	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
put	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
money	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
building	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
theaters	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
sports	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
stadiums	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 964	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
How	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
allocate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
governmental	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
budget	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
efficiently	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
hot	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
discussion	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
among	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
public	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 965	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Recently	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
some	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
people	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
government	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
invest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
medical	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
care	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
entertaining	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
sports	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 966	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
far	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
am	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
concerned	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
proposal	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
beneficial	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
society	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 967	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
thousands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
suffer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
disease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
illiteracy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
urgent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
pragmatic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
theaters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
stadiums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 968	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
a	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
matter	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
an	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
uneducated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
barely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
appreciate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
musicals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
whereas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
damaged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
resulting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 969	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
providing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
medical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
prioritized	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 970	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Entertaining	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
cinemas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
theaters	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
sports	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
stadiums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
mostly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
profit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
oriented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 971	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
existences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
marketing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
strategies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
volume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
audience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 972	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
inevitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
interfered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 973	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
establishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
institutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
aimed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
earning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
profits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
deserves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
funds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 974	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
putting	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
taxpayers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
theaters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
stadiums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
unfair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 975	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
example	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
fan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
musicals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
spot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 976	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
bit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
inappropriate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
tax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
funds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
meet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
minority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 977	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
is	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
why	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
sectors	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
medical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
deserve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
governmental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
accessed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
basis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 978	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
summarize	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
budgets	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
allocated	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
medical	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
care	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
building	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
entertaining	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
facilities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
because	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
former	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
non	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
profit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
oriented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
accessed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
majority	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 979	Doc: essay065
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Technology	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
keeps	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
skills	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
ways	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
alive	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 980	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Living	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
21st	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
century	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
firmly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
convinced	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
main	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
driving	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
force	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
behind	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
productivity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 981	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
every	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
country	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
been	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
promoting	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
technological	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
advances	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
recent	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
years	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
regardless	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
any	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
potential	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
problems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
may	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
bring	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
about	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 982	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
worried	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
modern	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
technological	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
technology	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
probably	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
hurdle	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
preservation	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
techniques	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
lifestyles	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 983	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
I	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
believe	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
their	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
concern	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
is	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
groundless	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 984	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
technology	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
plays	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
key	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
role	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
promoting	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
techniques	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
lifestyles	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 985	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
terms	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
space	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
efficient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
effective	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
promote	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
ways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 986	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
specific	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
lifestyles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 987	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
engaged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
therefore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
spare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
travel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
restricted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
miss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
appreciate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 988	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
greatest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
innovations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
humankind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
acquire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
techniques	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
displayed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
anytime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
anywhere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 989	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Additionally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
technology	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
enriches	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
displaying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
cultural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
heritage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
making	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
vivid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
appealing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 990	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
China	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
successfully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
promoted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
techniques	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
Shanghai	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
World	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
Expo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
state	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
technological	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
methods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
robots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
LED	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
screens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 991	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
tourists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
marveled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
perfect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
synthesis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 992	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
other	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
concerned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
detrimental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
effect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
lifestyles	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 993	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
people	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
especially	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
youngsters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
crazier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
fresh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
digital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
becoming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
indifferent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
techniques	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 994	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
this	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
is	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
not	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
issue	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
because	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
tend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
follow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
trend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
tradition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 995	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
will	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
technology	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
indeed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
supports	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
preservation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
promotion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
traditional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
techniques	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
lifestyles	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 996	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Only	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
when	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
culture	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
is	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
integrated	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
with	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
modern	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
technology	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
can	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
it	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
be	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
developed	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
long	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
run	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 997	Doc: essay066
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Creative	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 998	Doc: essay067
Artists	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 998	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Innovative	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
artists	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
bring	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
enjoyment	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
inspiration	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
sometimes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
tedious	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
;	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
however	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
deem	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
artists	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
entrusted	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
too	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
much	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
freedom	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
power	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
restricted	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
government	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 999	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
is	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
personal	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
belief	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
freedom	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
expressing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
thoughts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
ideas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
always	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
eulogized	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
iniquitous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
impose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
shackle	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
artists	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
create	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1000	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
major	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
concerns	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
against	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
freeing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
artists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
creation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
derives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
fear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
misleading	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
destabilize	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
;	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
however	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
audiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
judgement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
misled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
influenced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1001	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
needless	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
to	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
say	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
art	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
inevitably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
involves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
imagination	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
exaggeration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
sometimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
purely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
fabricated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
regardless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
whether	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
truth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
authority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
determine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
interpret	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
meaning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1002	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
displays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
unreality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
audiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
certainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
acumen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
recognise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
untruthfulness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
appreciate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
value	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
;	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
if	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
art	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
reflects	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
reality	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
then	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
what	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
would	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
be	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
intention	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
to	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
ban	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
it	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
if	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
it	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
was	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
not	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
for	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
covering	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
dirty	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
truth	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
?	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1003	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Would	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
it	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
be	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
autocratic	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
if	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
government	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
clamp	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
down	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
artists	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
who	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
are	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
telling	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
truth	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
?	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 1004	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
word	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
notion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
afraid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
misleading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
unjustified	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1005	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Let	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
'	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
s	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
then	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
take	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
a	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
look	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
at	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
impact	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
art	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
has	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
posed	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
on	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 1006	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
contain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
implications	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
insanity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
violence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
eroticism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1007	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
absolutely	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
restrictions	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
exposure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
adolescents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
apply	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
as	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
adolescents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
mature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
led	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
astray	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
contents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
;	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
however	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
case	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
audience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
hide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
objectively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
exist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
planet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
impossible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
brain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
washed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
pieces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
creative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1008	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
way	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
of	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
do	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
not	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
root	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
for	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
idea	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
restrictions	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
should	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
put	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
on	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
artists	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
work	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
;	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
on	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
contrary	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
they	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
encouraged	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
express	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
innovative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
ideas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
-	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
this	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
needs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
itself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
colourful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1009	Doc: essay067
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
there	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
opportunities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
women	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
there	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
were	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
past	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1010	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
times	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
witnessed	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
profound	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
changes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
aspects	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
including	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
revolution	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
feminism	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1011	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Women	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
been	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
opened	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
up	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
chances	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
than	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
ever	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1012	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
contrary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
some	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
ideas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
progress	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
human	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
from	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1013	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
start	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
with	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
fairness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
males	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
females	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
inevitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1014	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Gone	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
days	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
stick	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
boring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
house	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1015	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Women	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
nowadays	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
active	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
successful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
businessmen	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
join	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
political	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
scientists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1016	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
to	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
say	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
 weaker 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
gender	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
contribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
beings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
men	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
mention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1017	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
second	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
place	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
revolution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
females	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
right	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
brought	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
benefits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1018	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
burden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
instance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
decreased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
significantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
wives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
husbands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1019	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
more	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
women	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
outstanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
instinct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
careers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
healthcare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
resource	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
management	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
patience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
elaboration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1020	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
such	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
changes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
lead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
negative	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
results	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
upward	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
trend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
divorce	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
rate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
or	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
under	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
many	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
circumstances	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
women	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
balance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
wives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1021	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
busy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1022	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Yet	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
everything	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
has	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
it	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
upside	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
downside	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
women	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
should	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
find	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
best	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
way	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
to	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
overcome	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
such	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
challenges	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1023	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
things	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
considered	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
in	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
where	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
females	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
given	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
equal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
opportunities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
compared	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
males	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
obviously	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
enjoy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
lots	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
benefits	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
far	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
outweighing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
obstacles	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1024	Doc: essay069
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Growing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
traffic	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
pollution	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
can	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
controlled	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
by	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
increasing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
petrol	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
prices	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1025	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
read	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
newspapers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
watch	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
TV	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
attracted	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
environmental	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
problems	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
traffic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
issues	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
air	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
water	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
pollution	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
questions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1026	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Initiatives	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
taken	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
address	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
specific	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
problems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1027	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
impacts	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
those	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
pollution	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
and	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
traffic	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
issues	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
are	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
extremely	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
far	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
-	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
reaching	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
insufficient	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
increase	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
petrol	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
price	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
solve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
problems	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
though	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
it	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
a	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
promising	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
method	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
discussed	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
contemporary	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
society	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1028	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Specifically	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
price	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
institution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
plenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
farming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
estate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
;	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
however	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
whether	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
alleviating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
ought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
evaluated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1029	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
one	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
governments	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
macro	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
perspective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
price	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
various	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
according	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
demands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1030	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
seems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
easy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
increase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
petrol	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
price	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
instantly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1031	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
the	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
other	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
pollutions	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
burning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
oil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
chemical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
pollutants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
extra	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
lights	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
constitute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
considerable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1032	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
improvements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
efficiency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
attribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
speed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
pace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
resulting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
jams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
rush	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1033	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
illustrated	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
before	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
several	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
solutions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
introduced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
assist	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
reducing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
pollution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
traffic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1034	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Primarily	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
authorities	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
spare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
efforts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
improving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
constructing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
bus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
lines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
reducing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
usage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
private	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1035	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
temporarily	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
targets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
set	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
regard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
limitations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
pollutants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
period	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
season	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1036	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Plus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
supervisory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
institutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
built	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
address	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1037	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Meanwhile	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
cultivating	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
environmental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
protection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
though	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
effect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
immediately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
run	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
wise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1038	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
addressing	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
pollution	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
traffic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
issues	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
increasing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
oil	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
price	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
adequate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
while	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
improving	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
transportation	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
facilities	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
and	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
building	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
supervisory	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
institution	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
would	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
be	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
preferable	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
plus	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
with	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
awareness	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
of	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
environmental	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
protection	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
being	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
raised	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1039	Doc: essay070
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
image	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
powerful	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
written	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
word	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1040	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
 A picture is worth a thousand words 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
popular	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
maxim	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
being	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
used	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
very	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
long	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
time	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1041	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
strongly	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
depicts	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
power	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
images	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
conveying	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
messages	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
ideas	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1042	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
importance	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
written	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
word	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
can	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
never	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
denied	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
another	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
way	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
communication	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
commonly	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
used	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1043	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
certain	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
degree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
today	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
image	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
serves	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
effective	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
means	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
communication	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1044	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
pictures	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
influence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1045	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
horrendous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
images	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
displayed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
cigarette	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
boxes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
illustrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1046	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
result	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
statistics	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
slight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
reduction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
smokers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
indicating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
realize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
habit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1047	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
only	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
magnificent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
photograph	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
captured	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
Kevin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
Carter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
portrayed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
starving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
Sudanese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
struck	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
extreme	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
poverty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
successfully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
highlighted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
plight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
faced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
Sudan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1048	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apart	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
from	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
images	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
widely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
newspapers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
magazines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
advertisements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1049	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
undeniable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
images	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
absence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
words	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
obviously	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
claim	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
attraction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1050	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
from	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
another	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
written	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
words	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
vital	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
spread	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
across	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
certain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
messages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1051	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
pictures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
left	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
interpretation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
perceive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
images	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1052	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nonetheless	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
words	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
explain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
illustration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1053	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
primary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
educating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1054	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Academic	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
textbooks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
days	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
laden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
words	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
besides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
pictures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
guide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
readers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
comprehend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1055	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
both	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
images	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
words	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
go	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
hand	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
hand	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
cannot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
wholly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
emphasise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
aspect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
either	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
images	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
words	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1056	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
for	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
more	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
meaningful	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
communication	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
these	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
two	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
elements	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
have	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
their	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
respective	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
roles	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
play	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
:	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
image	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
exemplify	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
words	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
describe	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
particular	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
subject	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1057	Doc: essay073
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Several	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
languages	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
danger	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
extinction	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1058	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
certainly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
true	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
languages	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
disappearing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
day	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
day	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1059	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
therefore	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
harbour	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
view	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
saying	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
governments	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
preserve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
those	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
spending	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
budgets	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1060	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
others	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
do	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
not	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
believe	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
possible	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1061	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
my	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
viewpoint	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
needs	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
be	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
examined	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
thoroughly	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
essay	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
will	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
discuss	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
issue	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1062	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
realize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
oral	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
quite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
major	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1063	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
distinguish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
regions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1064	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
clearance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
minority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
national	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
customs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
habitants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
exist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1065	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Governments	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
spend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
keeping	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
preserving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
rich	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
diversity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
cultures	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
interesting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1066	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
more	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
pride	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
rage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
educate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
love	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1067	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
other	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
drawbacks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
saving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
minority	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
languages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1068	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
governments	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
invest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
results	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1069	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
evidence	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
of	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
this	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
youngsters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
attention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
collecting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1070	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
kinds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
unpopular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1071	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
preservations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
gather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
restore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
train	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
centre	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1072	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
protection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
halted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1073	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
a	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
nutshell	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
am	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
convinced	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
all	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
languages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
preserved	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
developed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
possible	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1074	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
people	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
should	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
give	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
hand	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
do	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
this	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
better	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
governments	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
play	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
vital	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
role	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
on	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
encouraging	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
distributing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
those	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1075	Doc: essay074
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
arts	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
music	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
improve	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
quality	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1076	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
view	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
is	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
government	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
give	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
priorities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
invest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
basic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
social	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
welfares	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
housing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
instead	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
subsidizing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
arts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
relative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
programs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1077	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Art	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
key	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
determination	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1078	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
off	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
urgent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
governments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
fundamental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
setting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
scholarships	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
section	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1079	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
simply	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
knowledge	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
wisdom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
guarantee	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
enhancement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
rounded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1080	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
art	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
extent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
serve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
valuable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
function	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
enriching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
daily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
for	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
release	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
heavy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
burden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
refresh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
bodies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1081	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
unrealistic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
pursuit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
housing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
supply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
plenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
income	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
squeezed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
tight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1082	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
comparison	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
pursuit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
seems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
unimportant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1083	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
art	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
play	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
active	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
role	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
improving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
but	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
I	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
think	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
governments	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
attach	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
heavier	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
weight	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
social	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
issues	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
housing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
needs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
because	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
those	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
ways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
enable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
decent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1084	Doc: essay075
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Government	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
health	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
care	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1085	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Despite	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
health	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
care	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
still	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
remain	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
basic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
rights	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1086	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
much	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
debated	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
issue	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
these	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
days	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
whether	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
government	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
'	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
health	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
care	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
education	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1087	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
people	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
obligated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
fund	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1088	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
citizens	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
harmonious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
stable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
enabled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
leader	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1089	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
psychological	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
soundness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1090	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
a	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
result	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
such	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
fail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
cured	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
influencing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
efficiency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
destabilize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
production	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1091	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
sufficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
guidance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
misbehave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
posing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
threat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
security	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1092	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
accountable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
safe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
stable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1093	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
other	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
some	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
people	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
oppose	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
argument	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
saying	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
waste	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
subsidize	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
citizen	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
since	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
capacity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
privately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1094	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
priority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
pressing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
wellbeing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
soaring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
AIDS	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
epidemic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
shortage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
infrastructure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
requiring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
address	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1095	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
think	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
government	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
fund	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
deprived	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
care	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
real	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
authority	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1096	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
same	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
time	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
available	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
for	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
both	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
should	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
encourage	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
government	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
to	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
allocate	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
money	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
to	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
more	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
urgent	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
areas	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 1097	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
all	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
harmonious	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
society	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
calls	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
for	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
joint	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
efforts	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
government	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1098	Doc: essay076
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Economic	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1099	Doc: essay078
development	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1099	Doc: essay078
vs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1099	Doc: essay078
environment	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1099	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Currently	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
great	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
number	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
pushed	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
forward	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
economies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
developing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
national	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
industries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1100	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
worried	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
economic	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
targets	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
industrialized	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
may	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
attained	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
at	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
expense	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
ecosystems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1101	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
flourishing	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
economies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
go	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
hand	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
hand	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
environmental	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
preservation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1102	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
developments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
ahead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
environmental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
protection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
ruining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
environments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1103	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
needy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
adequate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
technologies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
rely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
standards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1104	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
poverty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
stricken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
equipped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
preserve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
ecosystems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1105	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
result	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
unchecked	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
reckless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
uses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
raw	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
materials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
happen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
strain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1106	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
this	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
view	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
environmental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
protection	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
conflicting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1107	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
I	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
booming	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
economy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
closely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
linked	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
preservation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1108	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
raising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
awareness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
green	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
pollutants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
increasingly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
prevalent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
clients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
eco	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
friendly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
businesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
favorable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
impression	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
triggering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
sales	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1109	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
electronic	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
bicycles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
powered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
clean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
received	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1110	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
taking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
environmental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
consequences	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
seriously	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
enhance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
efficiencies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1111	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
firm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
environmentally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
conscious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
optimal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
production	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
lines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
equipment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
boost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
productivity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1112	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
spur	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1113	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
other	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
requirement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
environmental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
preservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
firm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
consume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
vast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
constitutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
operational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
costs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
hurdle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1114	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
would	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
thriving	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
economies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
preservation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
ecosystems	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
promoted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
simultaneously	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1115	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
other	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
hand	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
I	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
suppose	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
developed	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
countries	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
should	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
support	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
underdeveloped	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
areas	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
by	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
providing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
financial	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
resources	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
technologies	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
experience	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
so	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
that	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
environmental	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
problems	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
can	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
be	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
effectively	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
alleviated	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
these	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
areas	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1116	Doc: essay078
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Government	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
spend	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
money	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
ARTs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
only	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
public	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
services	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1117	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
raised	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
democratic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
awareness	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
recent	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
years	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
caring	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
how	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
tax	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
expenditure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
distributed	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
government	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1118	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
result	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
suggest	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
tax	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
money	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
allocated	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
publically	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
beneficial	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
services	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
instead	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
arts	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1119	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
from	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
arts	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
supposed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
included	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
government	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
investment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1120	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
priority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1121	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
plays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
leader	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
discharge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
responsibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
optimal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
tax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
safe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
stable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1122	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Simultaneously	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
public	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
meet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
demand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
survival	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
security	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
comfortable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1123	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
public	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
services	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
adequate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
attention	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
authorities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
maintain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
stability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1124	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
other	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
I	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
arts	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
means	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
been	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
disregarded	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1125	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Individually	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
arts	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
enrich	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
cultural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1126	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Currently	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
increasingly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
occupied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
stiff	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1127	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
various	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
books	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
ease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
minds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
release	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1128	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
suffering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
psychological	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1129	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
point	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
of	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
local	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
community	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
funding	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
arts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
beneficial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
local	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
cultural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1130	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Cultural	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
heritage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
constitutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1131	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
means	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
preserving	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
promote	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
preservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
cultural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
heritage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
belonging	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
contributes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
booming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
tourism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1132	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
this	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
view	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
arts	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
serve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
cultural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
purposes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1133	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
those	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
arguments	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
in	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
mind	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
I	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
would	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
public	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
services	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
facilities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
integral	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
part	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
government	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
expenditure	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1134	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
the	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
same	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
time	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
authorities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
respect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
value	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
arts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
individually	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
socially	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
advantageous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1135	Doc: essay079
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Keeping	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1136	Doc: essay080
animals	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1136	Doc: essay080
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1136	Doc: essay080
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1136	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Since	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
time	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
were	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
introduced	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
both	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
supported	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
criticized	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1137	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
could	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
very	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
entertaining	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
ecologically	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
important	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
whereas	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
keeping	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
animals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
captivity	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
totally	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
wrong	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1138	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
sides	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
will	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
discussed	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
before	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
reasonable	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
conclusion	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
drawn	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1139	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
critics	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
zoology	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
keeping	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
captivity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
wrong	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
animals	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
considered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
non	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
persons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
freedom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1140	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
unfair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
kept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
enclosures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1141	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
is	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
attention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1142	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
undernourished	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
sufficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
quantity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1143	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
sometimes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
hot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
survive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
cold	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
winter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
somewhere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
Europe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1144	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
other	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
advocators	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
zoos	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
entertainment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
ensure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
balance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
ecology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1145	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
cute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
born	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
corners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1146	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Zoos	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1147	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
zoos	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
reserving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
breeds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
preventing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
missing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1148	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
is	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
due	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
to	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
kept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
enclosures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
simulate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
habitats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
endangered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
protected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
predators	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
hunters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1149	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
zoos	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
needed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
nature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
balanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1150	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
both	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
arguments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
strong	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
supports	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
but	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
in	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
my	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
own	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
view	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
more	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
come	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
zoos	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
bad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1151	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
it	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
is	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
hoped	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
standards	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
of	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
should	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
be	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
leveled	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
up	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
ensure	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
that	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
animals	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
in	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
are	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
provided	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
with	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
good	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
care	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
and	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
attention	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1152	Doc: essay080
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Artists	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
freedom	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
express	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
ideas	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1153	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Artists	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
given	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
freedom	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
express	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
thoughts	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
whatever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
do	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1154	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
argue	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
there	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
government	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
restrictions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
order	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
limit	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1155	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
however	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
this	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
only	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
a	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
certain	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
extent	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
and	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
artists	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
must	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
given	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
freedom	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
so	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
produce	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
some	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
really	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
marvelous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
masterpiece	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1156	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
and	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
artists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
creativity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
run	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1157	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
given	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
artists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
box	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
spectacular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
Arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
paintings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1158	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
paintings	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
Da	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
Vinci	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
Michallengo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
admired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
till	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
restricted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1159	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
short	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
without	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
limitations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
awe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
inspiring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
artists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1160	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
voice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
opinions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
nation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1161	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Today	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
numerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
efforts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
democratic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1162	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Arts	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
criticise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
policies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
particular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1163	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
this	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
further	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
3	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
Idiots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
acted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
Amir	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
Khan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
criticises	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
chiefly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
memorising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
apply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1164	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
human	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
rights	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
violated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
artists	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
allowed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
express	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
feelings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
freely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1165	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
from	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
another	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
there	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
are	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
certain	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
drawbacks	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
if	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
artists	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
are	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
not	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
restricted	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1166	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
deeper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
controversies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1167	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
cite	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
an	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
example	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
Malaysia	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
multiracial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
whereby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
harmony	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
peace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1168	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
case	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
anyone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
brings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
sensitive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
issues	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
films	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
books	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
regarding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
races	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
end	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
chaos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
among	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1169	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nonetheless	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
I	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
artists	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
boundaries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
surely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
names	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
tarnished	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
unscrupulous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
acts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1170	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
it	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
is	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
now	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
evident	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
any	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
restrictions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
artists	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1171	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Allowing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
freely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
as	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
ideas	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
naturally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
flow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
limitations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1172	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
even	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
though	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
freedom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
certainly	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
wonderful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
beautiful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
Arts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
due	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
freedom	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
express	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
and	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
restrictions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
them	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1173	Doc: essay081
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
nuclear	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
power	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
provide	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
clean	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
cheap	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
energy	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1174	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
nuclear	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
frequently	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
generates	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
heated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
debate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
proponents	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
maintaining	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
nuclear	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
power	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
provides	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
source	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
efficient	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
economical	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
energy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
while	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
opponents	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
argue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
atomic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
uncontrollable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
very	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
dangerous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
handle	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1175	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
far	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
as	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
is	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
find	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
myself	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
aligned	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
opponents	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
usages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
nuclear	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
power	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1176	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
have	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
several	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
believe	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
its	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
disadvantages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
outnumber	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
few	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
advantages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1177	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
and	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
pursuit	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
nuclear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
leads	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
towards	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
atomic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
weapons	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1178	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
century	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
witnessed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
horrors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
weapons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1179	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
pursues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
fusion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
fission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
mold	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
military	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
usage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1180	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
to	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
fortify	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
my	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
even	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
civil	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
usages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
atomic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
power	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
pose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
dire	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
threat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
radio	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1181	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
recently	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
incident	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
atomic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
house	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
leaked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
tons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
radio	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
active	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
material	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
earthquake	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
hit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
surrounding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1182	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
unfortunate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
event	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
proves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
matter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
careful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
inevitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1183	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
but	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
not	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
least	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
while	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
generating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
source	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
hydro	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
oil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
wastage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
case	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
nuclear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1184	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Safely	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
getting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
rid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
nuclear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
waste	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
daunting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
task	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
been	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
permanent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
solution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1185	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
lethal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
hazardous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
material	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1186	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
it	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
up	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
from	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
above	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
facts	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
it	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
can	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
easily	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
be	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
deduced	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
nuclear	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
power	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
may	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
appear	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
silver	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
bullet	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
energy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
crisis	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
disadvantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
far	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
outweigh	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1187	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
I	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
suggest	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
that	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
use	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
of	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
nuclear	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
technology	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
should	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
be	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
discouraged	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
even	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
for	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
civil	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
purposes	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1188	Doc: essay083
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Giving	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
mobile	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
phones	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
unemployed	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1189	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
rate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
unemployment	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
rise	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
seriously	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
being	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
debated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1190	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
opine	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
best	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
method	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
minimize	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
problem	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
providing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
unemployed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
hand	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
phones	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
access	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
Internet	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1191	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
believe	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
solution	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
most	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
appropriate	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
way	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
utilize	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
public	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
money	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1192	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
this	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
solution	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
only	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
a	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
certain	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
degree	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
feel	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
giving	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
mobile	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
phone	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
each	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
total	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
waste	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1193	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
a	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
positive	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
point	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
view	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
browse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
net	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1194	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
surf	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
The	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
Star	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
Onlines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
section	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
suitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1195	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
net	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
apart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
looking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1196	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
only	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
mobile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
calls	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1197	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
short	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
provides	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
mobile	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
phone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
able	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
occupation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
survive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1198	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nonetheless	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
looking	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
from	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
another	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
supplying	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
unemployed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
taxpayers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1199	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
supply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
electronic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
gadget	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
useful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
purposes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1200	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
this	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
further	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
build	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
amenities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
given	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
poor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1201	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
used	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
intentions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
rather	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
giving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
hand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
unemployed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1202	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
when	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
hand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
provided	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
opportunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1203	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
surprising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
obtain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
mobile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
phone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
jobless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1204	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
extent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
lying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
unemployment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
eligible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
phones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1205	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
this	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
context	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
worthlessly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1206	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
top	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
till	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
now	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
surveys	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
evidences	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
prove	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
method	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
effective	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
reducing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
rate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
unemployment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1207	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
put	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
it	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
in	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
a	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
nutshell	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
suggestion	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
providing	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
jobless	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
mobile	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
phones	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
accessible	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
internet	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
proper	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
trim	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
down	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
rate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
unemployment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1208	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
suggest	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
government	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
look	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
into	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
background	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
people	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
in	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
depth	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
before	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
giving	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
out	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
hand	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
phones	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
them	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1209	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
strongly	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
believe	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
that	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
public	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
money	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
should	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
be	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
utilized	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
for	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
benefit	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
society	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
and	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
not	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
just	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
for	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
some	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
of	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
them	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
who	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
are	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
not	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
willing	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
put	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
in	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
more	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
effort	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
find	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
them	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
a	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
proper	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
work	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1210	Doc: essay084
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Use	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1211	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1211	Doc: essay085
CCTV	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1211	Doc: essay085
cameras	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1211	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
close	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
circuit	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
(	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
CCTV	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
)	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
cameras	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
widely	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
used	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
variety	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
circumstances	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1212	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
used	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
schools	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
businesses	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
other	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
premises	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
order	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
monitor	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
activities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
taking	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
place	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1213	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
undeniable	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
use	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
CCTV	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
has	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
plenty	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
offer	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
especially	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
reducing	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
crimes	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
protecting	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
employees	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
premise	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1214	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
some	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
argue	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
these	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
cameras	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
invade	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
their	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
privacies	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
due	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
constantly	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
being	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
monitored	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1215	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
so	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
CCTV	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
installed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
every	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
premise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
combat	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
ever	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
increasing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
theft	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
rate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
protect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
workers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
workplace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1216	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
by	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
CCTV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
workplace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
robbery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
trimmed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
down	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1217	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
because	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
shop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
attacked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
thieves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
clips	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
serve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
source	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
evidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
thieves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
traced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1218	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
this	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
further	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
Malaysia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
policemen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
videos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
captured	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
CCTV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
trace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
successfully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
catch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
robbers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
broke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
Seven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
Eleven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
shop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
midnight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1219	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
only	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
as	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
under	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
constant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
surveillance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
steal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
shops	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1220	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
it	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
clear	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
CCTVs	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
must	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
put	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
workplace	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
crime	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
rates	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
minimized	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1221	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
at	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
offices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
required	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
handle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
angry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
frustrated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1222	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
times	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
face	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
interactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
annoyed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
customer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
employee	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
danger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1223	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
installation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
CCTV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
escape	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
conversations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
recorded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1224	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
event	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
an	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
argument	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
videotapes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
determine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
actually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
took	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
further	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
actions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1225	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
short	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
these	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
form	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
protection	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
workers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
against	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
customers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1226	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
from	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
another	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
use	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
of	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
CCTV	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
cameras	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
does	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
cause	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
controversy	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1227	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Those	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
opposing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
CCTV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
systems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
feel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
privacies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
invaded	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
constant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
monitoring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1228	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
one	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
realize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
safety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
paramount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
importance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
privacy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
prevention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
suffering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1229	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Ergo	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
opponents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
comprehend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
actions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
victims	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1230	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
CCTV	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
therefore	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
must	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
installed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
every	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
premise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1231	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
chiefly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
shield	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
oneself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
harmed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
intruders	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
robbers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1232	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
privacies	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
lost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
cameras	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1233	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nonetheless	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
,	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
safety	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
safe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1234	Doc: essay085
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
company	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
some	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1235	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
kinds	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1236	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
done	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
companies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
related	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
government	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
done	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
privat	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
companies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1237	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
both	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
companies	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
have	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
their	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
advantages	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
and	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
disadvantages	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
myself	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
business	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1238	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
many	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
when	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
work	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
for	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
rather	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
than	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
work	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
for	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
others	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1239	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
place	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
large	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
privat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1240	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
boss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
however	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
else	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
boss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1241	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
responsible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
task	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
stressful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1242	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
is	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
more	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
when	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
profit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
profits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
manager	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1243	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
pick	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
profit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
sharing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
sum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
view	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
unfair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1244	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
authorities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
privat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
workers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
looking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1245	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
punch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
punch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
whenever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1246	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Sometimes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
occasions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
happen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
disease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
sticking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
jam	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
sometime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
vacation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1247	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
ask	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
permission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
allowed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1248	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
is	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
no	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
working	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
too	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
imagine	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
business	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
comfortable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1249	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
profits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
authorities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1250	Doc: essay087
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
expression	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
 Never , never give up 	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
means	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
keep	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
trying	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
never	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
stop	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
working	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1251	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
throughout	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
face	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
least	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
failure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
areas	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
love	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
economy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1252	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
when	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
person	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
faces	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
failure	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
best	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
way	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
forget	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
releases	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
;	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
however	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
I	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
completely	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
idea	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1253	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
always	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
defeated	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
person	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
try	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
try	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
until	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
achieve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
her	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
his	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
goal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1254	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
when	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
failure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
large	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
failure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
therefore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
next	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
effort	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
try	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
avoid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
repeating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
mistakes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1255	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
inventors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
phases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
defeats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
next	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
stages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1256	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
of	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
all	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
experience	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
shows	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
constantly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
experienced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
subject	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
final	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
effort	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
successful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
percentile	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1257	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
example	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
scientists	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
experiment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
substance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
decide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
final	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1258	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
up	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
I	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
would	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
maintain	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
give	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
when	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
failure	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1259	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
opposite	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
points	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
failure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
experienced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1260	Doc: essay088
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
think	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
that	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
human	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
needs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
farmland	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
housing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
industry	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1261	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
there	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
issues	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
nations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
concern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1262	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Two	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
most	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
important	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
rate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
increasing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
population	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
endangered	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
plants	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
animals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1263	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
although	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
endangered	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
human	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
needs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
considered	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1264	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
day	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
so	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
human	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1265	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
farmland	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
grow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
crops	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
wheat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
corn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
doubt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
alive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
weeks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1266	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
farmlands	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
vital	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1267	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
shelters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
protect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
mother	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
nature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
wind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
flood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
wild	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
so	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
land	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
build	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
houses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1268	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Dwelling	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
undeniable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1269	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
human	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
crucial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
continue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
medicine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1270	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
lands	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
assigned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1271	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Todays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
difficulty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
comfortable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1272	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
endangered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
so	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
land	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1273	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
would	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
maintain	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
nowadays	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
humans	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
farmland	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
housing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
industry	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
of	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
increasing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
population	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
saving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
land	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
endangered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1274	Doc: essay089
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Best	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
way	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
judge	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
about	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
familiar	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
with	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
personality	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
with	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
look	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1275	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Individuals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
two	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
features	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
them	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
appearance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
other	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
personality	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1276	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
point	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
of	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
view	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
although	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
appearance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
personality	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1277	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
never	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
judge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
his	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
her	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
appearance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1278	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
believes	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
who	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
have	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
black	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
skin	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
or	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
frown	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
not	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
good	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
person	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
in	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
opposite	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
who	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
have	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
pale	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
or	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
white	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
skin	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
or	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
always	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
have	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
smile	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
on	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
their	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
face	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
good	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
person	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1279	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
completely	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
with	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
these	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
kind	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
of	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
judgement	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
which	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
someone	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
makes	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1280	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
of	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
all	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
cheat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
aware	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
never	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
judge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
appearance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1281	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
example	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
cheat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
fiance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
marriage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
showing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
cheerful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
spoken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
however	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
marriage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
personality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1282	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
of	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
all	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
black	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
skin	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
fat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
frown	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
nonetheless	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
leaving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
colleague	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1283	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
neighbor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
black	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
skin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
frown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
panicked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1284	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
cold	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
winter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
realized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
lost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
keys	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
anything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1285	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
She	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
asked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
stay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
till	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
hospitality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
unforgettable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1286	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
I	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
understood	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
judge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
appearance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1287	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
in	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
all	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
judge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
individuals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
familiar	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
personality	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
appearance	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1288	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
many	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
people	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
play	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
role	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
to	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
cheat	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
the	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
others	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
and	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
they	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
try	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
to	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
hide	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
their	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
real	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
personality	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
with	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
their	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
appearance	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1289	Doc: essay090
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
one	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
follow	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
fashion	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
trends	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
rather	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
personal	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
style	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1290	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
increasing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
availability	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
Internet	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
collect	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
wealth	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
information	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
latest	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
fashion	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
trends	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
popular	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
shoes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
style	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
season	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
best	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
liked	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
clothes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
color	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
year	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1291	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
dressing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
personal	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
style	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
advocated	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
rather	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
than	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
following	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
fashion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
trends	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1292	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
fashion	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
trends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
role	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
play	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
personal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
dressing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
styles	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1293	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
following	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
trends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
enables	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
latest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
transformations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
vital	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
importance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
consider	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
fact	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
global	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
village	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
today	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1294	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
habit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
grasping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
cutting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
edge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
gradually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
changing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
attitudes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
viewing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
open	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
accept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
diverse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
voices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1295	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
stuck	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
styles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
disregarding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
top	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
designers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
achievements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
stay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
conservative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
worlds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1296	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
result	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
fall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
behind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
shortly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1297	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
inadequate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
aesthetic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
poor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
originality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
senses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
treasuring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
latest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1298	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
following	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
trends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
hard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
choosing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
matching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
clothes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
let	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
alone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
forming	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
dressing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
styles	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1299	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Despite	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
this	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
it	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
following	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
trends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
constantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
undermine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
personalities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1300	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Individuals	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
purchase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
clothes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
according	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
latest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
trends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
phenomenon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
wear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
style	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
clothes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1301	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
look	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
monotonous	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1302	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
those	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
arguments	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
in	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
mind	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
would	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
especially	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
ones	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
lacking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
basic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
aesthetic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
care	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
trends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
keep	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
pace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
changes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1303	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
other	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
creative	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
design	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
talents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
value	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
dressing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
developing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
fashion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
styles	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1304	Doc: essay092
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
wealthy	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
nations	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
support	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
poor	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
ones	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1305	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
wealthy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
nations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
take	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
responsibilities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
help	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
poorer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
ones	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
means	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
providing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
infrastructures	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
remain	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
bystander	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
global	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
poverty	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
controversy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1306	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
think	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
as	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
privileged	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
minority	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
wealthy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
every	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
reason	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
share	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
fortune	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
poor	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1307	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
terms	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
ethics	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
inhumane	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
watch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
fellowman	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
struggle	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
against	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
famine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
poverty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
anything	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
especially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
onlooker	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
takes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
effort	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1308	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Compassion	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
virtue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
preached	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
religions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
Buddhism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
Mohammedanism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
distinguishes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
beings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1309	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Economically	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
speaking	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
such	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
aid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
create	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
win	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
win	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
situation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1310	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Underdeveloped	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
doubt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
receive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
benefits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
deeds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1311	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
arise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
underdeveloped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
;	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
related	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
conducted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
accordingly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
conquer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
promoting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
pharmaceutical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1312	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
poor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
worth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
mentioning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1313	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
wealthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
broaden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
facilitate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
commerce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1314	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
underdeveloped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
return	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
export	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
agricultural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
mineral	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
discount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
former	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
boosting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1315	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
summary	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
wealthy	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
offering	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
moral	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
deed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
worthwhile	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
day	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
pay	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
off	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1316	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Only	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
sympathize	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
fellowman	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
prosper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
run	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1317	Doc: essay093
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Prevention	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1318	Doc: essay094
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1318	Doc: essay094
better	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1318	Doc: essay094
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1318	Doc: essay094
cure	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1318	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
completely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
right	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
extremely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
wise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
policy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
focus	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
preventative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
measures	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1319	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Once	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
applied	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
will	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
bring	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
both	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
governments	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1320	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Health	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
causes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
term	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
positive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
effects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
next	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
generations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1321	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
thank	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
childhoods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
habits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
habits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
kept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
adolescences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1322	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
educated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
hygienic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
lifestyle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
keeps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
older	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1323	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
health	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
protect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
risks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1324	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
afraid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
panic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
calmer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
unfortunately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
committing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
normal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
allergy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
illness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
seasonal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
changes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1325	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
cured	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1326	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Health	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
choices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
recover	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
quickly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1327	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Preventative	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
measures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
general	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
state	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1328	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
vaccines	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
guarantee	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
pregnant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
babies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
protected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
infectious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
flu	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
smallpox	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
rubella	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1329	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
injection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
campaigns	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
organized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
throughout	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
state	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
improved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
remarkably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1330	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
human	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
key	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
investing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
enhance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
general	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
state	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
totally	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
right	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
decision	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1331	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
prevention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
budget	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1332	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
we	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
give	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
priority	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
preventative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
measures	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1333	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
reasonable	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
attentions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
paid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
treatment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
looked	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
after	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
services	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1334	Doc: essay094
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1335	Doc: essay095
popularity	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1335	Doc: essay095
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1335	Doc: essay095
news	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1335	Doc: essay095
media	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1335	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
news	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
media	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
popular	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1336	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
consider	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
drawbacks	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
phenomenon	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
outweigh	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
its	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
merits	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1337	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
possible	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
idea	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
not	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
completely	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
true	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1338	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
widely	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
seen	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
news	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
media	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
brings	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
entertainment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
polishes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1339	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
it	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
seems	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
not	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
unreasonable	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
to	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
suggest	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
that	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
this	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
is	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
a	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
positive	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
development	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 1340	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
and	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
today	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
ever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1341	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
media	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
televisions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
radios	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
newspapers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
bringing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
sector	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
everybody	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1342	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
sit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
televisions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
musical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
concerts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
football	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1343	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
convenient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
relaxation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1344	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Obviously	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
popularity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
news	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
beneficial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
beings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1345	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
this	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
news	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
broaden	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1346	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
clearly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
seen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
mass	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
media	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
political	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
change	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
warming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
forth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1347	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
strong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
likelihood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1348	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
globalization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
permeating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1349	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Indeed	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
growth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
media	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
helpful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
worldwide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1350	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
development	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
news	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
media	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
been	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
making	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
inroads	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
into	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
all	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1351	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
relaxes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
plentiful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1352	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
enriches	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
worldwide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1353	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
positively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
affects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1354	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
progress	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
news	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
advantageous	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1355	Doc: essay095
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Jury	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
must	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
access	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
criminals	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
past	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
records	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1356	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
well	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
known	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
fact	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
jury	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
involved	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
case	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
information	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
regarding	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
criminal	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
past	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
illegal	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
acts	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
under	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
British	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
Australian	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
laws	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1357	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
are	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
few	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
of	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
those	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
who	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
are	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
think	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
current	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
practice	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
should	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
be	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
altered	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
and	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
juries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
least	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
know	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
something	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
criminals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
before	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
coming	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
conclusion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1358	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
for	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
one	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
agree	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
resolution	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
whole	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
-	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
heartedly	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
poses	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
advantages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
various	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
parties	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
shall	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
discuss	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
below	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1359	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
and	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
juries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
decision	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
past	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
criminal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1360	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
knowing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
background	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
enable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
juries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
analyze	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
coming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
judgment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1361	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
take	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
murdered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
anyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
suddenly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
guilty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1362	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
juries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
weather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
committed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
intentionally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
circumstances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
knowing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
facts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1363	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Then	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
punishment	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
given	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
accordance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1364	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apart	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
from	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
fair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
trial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
achieved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1365	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
all	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
of	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
us	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
know	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
juries	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
regarding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
law	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1366	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
exposing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
records	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
criminal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
rationally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
finally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
pieces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
produce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
meaningful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1367	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
doing	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
so	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
juries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
relief	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
conclusion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
plenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
evidences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1368	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
only	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
convicted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
receive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
fair	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
action	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1369	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
is	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
when	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
background	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
convicted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
dug	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
deeper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
revealed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
mass	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
anonymous	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
his	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
privacy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
jeopardized	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1370	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
finally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
proven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
innocent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
embarrassed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1371	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
am	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
sure	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
crimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
done	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
criminals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
brought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
light	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
aware	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
victim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1372	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
I	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
definitely	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
feel	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
current	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
juries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
judging	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
case	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
transformed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
know	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
facts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
criminals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
dealing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1373	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
is	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
of	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
paramount	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
importance	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
so	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
able	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
reliable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
fair	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
judgment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
convicted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1374	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Beneficial	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
changes	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
will	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
certainly	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
take	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
place	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
if	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
changes	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
are	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
made	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
because	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
for	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
change	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
happen	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
changes	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
have	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
be	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
done	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1375	Doc: essay096
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
break	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
before	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
starting	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
higher	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
idea	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1376	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
increasingly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
common	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
trend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
take	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
break	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
before	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
starting	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
studies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1377	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
just	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
becoming	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
common	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
among	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
rich	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
but	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
also	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
poor	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1378	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
take	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
break	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
year	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
or	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
two	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
students	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
travel	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
all	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
around	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
world	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
during	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
time	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
choose	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
take	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
up	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
job	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1379	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Experience	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
gained	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
traveling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
meeting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
even	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
goes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1380	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
enhances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
confidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
independent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1381	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Student	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
tend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
gather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
rely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1382	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
aware	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1383	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
broader	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
view	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
courses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1384	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
break	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
benefits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
comes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
negative	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
impacts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1385	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Once	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
starts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
earning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
independence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1386	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
adapt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1387	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1388	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Probably	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
term	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
courses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
salaries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1389	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
run	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
reasonable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
runs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
qualification	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1390	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
my	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
view	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
point	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
idea	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
taking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
break	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
before	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
starting	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
higher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1391	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
break	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
gain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
benefits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
traveling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
around	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1392	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
tend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
contribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
mature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1393	Doc: essay099
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
University	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
needed	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
success	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1394	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
competitive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
undeniable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
must	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
equip	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
ourselves	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
plenty	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
skills	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
order	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
shine	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
successful	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1395	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
opine	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
aforementioned	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
aspects	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
mostly	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
obtained	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
through	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
learning	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
academic	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
institutions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1396	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
do	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
agree	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
certain	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
degree	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1397	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
feel	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
one	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
shine	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
without	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
even	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
having	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
attend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
universities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1398	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
certainly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
true	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
paramount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
importance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
certain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
professions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
doctor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
engineer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
lawyer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1399	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
training	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
impossible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
careers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1400	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
share	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
network	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
associates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
partners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1401	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
benefit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
intend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
open	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
hospitals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1402	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
from	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
another	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
significant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
successful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
fields	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
going	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1403	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Take	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
instance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
start	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1404	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
solely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
luck	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1405	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Interestingly	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
for	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
proved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
profitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1406	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
cite	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
an	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
Michael	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
Dell	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
founder	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
CEO	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
Dell	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
left	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
college	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
19	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1407	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Initially	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
college	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
dorm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1408	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Eventually	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
earnings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
loan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
progress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1409	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
talents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
excel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1410	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
sectors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1411	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
introduction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
reality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
shows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
lucky	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
triumph	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1412	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
this	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
further	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
David	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
Archuleta	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
once	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
nobody	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
space	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
hearts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1413	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
it	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
is	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
evident	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
individuals	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
born	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
talents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
successful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1414	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
wrap	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
it	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
all	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
up	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
indeed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
true	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
pivotal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
prosper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1415	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
,	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
wrong	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
say	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
success	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
completely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
depends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
he	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
she	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
receives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
institutions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1416	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Natural	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
talent	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
and	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
hard	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
work	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
also	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
contribute	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
to	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
their	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
progress	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
.	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1417	Doc: essay100
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
forced	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
stop	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
working	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1418	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
appropriate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
age	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
person	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
stop	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
working	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
now	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
much	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
debated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1419	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
opine	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
given	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
option	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
choose	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
when	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
want	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
call	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
day	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
oppose	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
notion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1420	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
personal	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
right	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
age	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
person	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
retire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
around	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
60	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
years	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
old	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1421	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
for	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
one	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
strongly	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
age	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
set	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
criterion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
retire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
aforementioned	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
age	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
due	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
several	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
shall	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
discuss	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
below	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1422	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
senior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
dominate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
sector	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
lesser	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
fresh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
graduates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1423	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
result	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
most	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
forced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
careers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
poles	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
apart	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
had	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
studied	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1424	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
this	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
further	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
graduate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
disheartened	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
five	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
precious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
medicine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
end	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
another	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
profession	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
doctor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
insufficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
available	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1425	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
top	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
of	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
due	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
genuine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
passion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
option	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
greater	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
possibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
performance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
dwindle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
workplace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1426	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apart	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
from	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
elderly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
physically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1427	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Beyond	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
proportion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
elevated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
contracting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
multitude	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
cardiovascular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
illnesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1428	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
cite	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
an	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
stressful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
aged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
teacher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
goes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
toll	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1429	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1430	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
institution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
bills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
resulting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
loss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
institution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1431	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
indeed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
older	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
age	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
younger	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
ones	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1432	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
expertise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
senior	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
workers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
had	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
retired	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
never	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
underestimated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1433	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
invaluable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
respective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
engineering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
medicine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
law	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
certainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
beneficial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
younger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
generation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1434	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
highly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
recommended	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
retiree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
hospitals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
regular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
sessions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
present	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
staffs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
bridge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
gap	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
pass	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1435	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
indeed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
evident	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
age	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
limit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
set	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
retirement	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1436	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
will	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
come	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
certain	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
time	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
when	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
older	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
generation	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
should	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
hand	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
over	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
responsibility	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
fresh	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
comers	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
who	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
are	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
certainly	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
waiting	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
be	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
given	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
choice	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
prove	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1437	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
all	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
retirement	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
not	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
only	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
marks	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
end	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
of	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
an	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
individual	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
but	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
also	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
gives	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
him	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
a	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
chance	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
to	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
make	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
up	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
for	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
what	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
he	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
has	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
lost	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
throughout	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
his	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
working	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
life	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1438	Doc: essay101
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1439	Doc: essay102
museums	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1439	Doc: essay102
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1439	Doc: essay102
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1439	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
public	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
museums	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
art	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
galleries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
necessary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
even	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
though	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
see	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
historical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
objects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
online	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 1440	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
nowadays	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
prefer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
use	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
Internet	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
search	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
because	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
brings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
convenience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1441	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
browse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1442	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
spiritual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
since	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
pictures	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
screen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
size	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1443	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
exhibits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
galleries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
size	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
visitors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
felling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1444	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
only	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
mummy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
mystique	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1445	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
visitors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
exhibits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
museums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
hold	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
various	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
visitors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
part	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
seeing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1446	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
at	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
American	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
Museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
Natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
History	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
bone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
bone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
reproduction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
stegosaurus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
;	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
at	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
Museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
Art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
New	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
York	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
look	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
17th	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
century	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
instruments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1447	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
 visit 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1448	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Seeing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
computer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
screen	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
same	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
watch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
eyes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1449	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
texture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
artwork	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
artist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1450	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
'	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
s	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
more	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
details	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
artwork	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
shown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
screen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1451	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
details	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
dim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
since	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
resolution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
ratio	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
screen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1452	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
influence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
comprehension	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
historical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
objects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1453	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
we	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
museums	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
art	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
galleries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
but	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
computers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
introduced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
museums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
galleries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
visitors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
historical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
objects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1454	Doc: essay102
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
cost	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
medicines	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
reduced	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1455	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
present	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
large	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
number	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
patients	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
poor	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
suffering	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
deaths	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
caused	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
lack	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
medication	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
rather	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
dangerous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
diseases	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1456	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
suggested	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
companies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
developed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
ought	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
reduce	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
price	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
medicines	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
avoid	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
such	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
unnecessary	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
deaths	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1457	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
more	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
saved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
effective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1458	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
incapable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
producing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1459	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
achieved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
remarkable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
breakthroughs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
cure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
illnesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1460	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
situations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1461	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
reduction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
cost	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
therefore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
shows	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
sign	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
humanity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1462	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
current	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
cost	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
fact	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
reasonable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
based	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
effectiveness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1463	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apparently	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
researching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
testing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
producing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
masses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
costs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
substantial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1464	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
ensure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
completely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1465	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Suppose	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
forced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
reduce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
profit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
running	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
debt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
production	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
expenditure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1466	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
measure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
adopted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
otherwise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
companies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
go	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
into	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
liquidation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1467	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
short	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
this	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
is	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
not	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
a	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
long	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
-	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
term	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
solution	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1468	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Fortunately	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
measures	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
improve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
situation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1469	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
advisable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
encourage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
production	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
supplying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
land	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
reducing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
taxes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1470	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Additionally	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
charitable	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
organizations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
distribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
undeveloped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1471	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
disagree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
reducing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
cost	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
medicines	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
may	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
exacerbate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
qualities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1472	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
the	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
government	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
and	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
medical	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
foundations	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
should	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
be	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
for	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
the	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
distribution	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
of	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
drugs	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
to	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
the	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
undeveloped	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
world	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
at	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
a	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
more	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
reasonable	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
price	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1473	Doc: essay105
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Prohibit	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1474	Doc: essay106
public	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1474	Doc: essay106
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1474	Doc: essay106
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1474	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
awareness	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
harmful	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
effects	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
among	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
general	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
public	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
put	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
much	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
pressure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
government	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
private	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
sectors	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1475	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
result	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
businesses	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
prohibit	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
premises	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
even	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
governments	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
restrict	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
public	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
area	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1476	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
agreed	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
move	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
looking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
quality	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
image	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
nation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
long	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
run	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1477	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
clinically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
proven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
hazardous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
exposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
fume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
period	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1478	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Recent	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
death	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
statistic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
released	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
Malaysian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
Ministry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
Health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
shows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
top	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
killer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
lung	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1479	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
proportion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
death	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
involved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
second	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
pregnant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
vulnerable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
lethal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1480	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
fatality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
significantly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
reduced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
total	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
ban	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
implemented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1481	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
image	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
nation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
promoted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
restricts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
imposing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
stern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
penalty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
offender	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1482	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
Brunei	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
recently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
enforced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
law	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
against	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
caf	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
e	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
hospital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
street	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1483	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
step	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
curbed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
down	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
numbers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
smokers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
Brunei	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
remains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
tranquility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
cleanliness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1484	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
shows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
benefit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
restricting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1485	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
up	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
effort	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
prohibit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
smoking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
area	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
certainly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
helping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
curtailing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
associated	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
risks	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
create	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
healthy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
nation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1486	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
is	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
hoped	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
that	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
more	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
businesses	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
governments	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
will	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
follow	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
same	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
initiatives	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
for	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
interest	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
people	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
country	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 1487	Doc: essay106
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Human	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
activities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
harming	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1488	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
 Save the planet Earth 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
common	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
line	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
read	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
heard	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
all	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1489	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
been	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
lot	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
initiatives	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
protect	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
planet	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
from	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
unbridled	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
human	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
developments	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1490	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
some	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
people	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
these	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
developments	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
are	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
making	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
our	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
life	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
comfortable	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
but	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
concerns	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
save	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
Earth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
vital	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
due	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
various	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1491	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
rapid	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
infrastructure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
eating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
forest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
throughout	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1492	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
called	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
Concrete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
jungles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
evolved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
endangering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
forests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
wild	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1493	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
we	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
all	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
know	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
life	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
saving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
oxygen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
produced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
trees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
converting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
harmful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
carbon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
dioxide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
gas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1494	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
wild	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
ecological	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
balance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
planet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
Earth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1495	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
large	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
emissions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
carbon	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
monoxide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
gas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
refrigerants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
air	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
conditioners	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
depleted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
ozone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
layer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1496	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Importance	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
ozone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
layer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
evident	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
protects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
harmful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
ultra	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
violet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
rays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1497	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
add	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
it	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
excess	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
emission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
carbon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
dioxide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
gas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
mainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
vehicles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
average	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
temperature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
north	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
pole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
level	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
gradual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
melting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
glaciers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1498	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
either	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
industrial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
waste	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
domestic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
waste	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
produced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
everyday	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
badly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
polluting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
planet	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
Earth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1499	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
unnoticed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
released	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
oceans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
aquatic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
extent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1500	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Harmful	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
chemicals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
present	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
kills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
sea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
creatures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
oceans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
rivers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1501	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
Earth	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
home	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
protected	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1502	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Any	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
human	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
activity	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
causing	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
harm	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
should	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
be	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
controlled	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
and	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
alternate	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
ways	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
should	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
be	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
devised	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
control	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
damage	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 1503	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Creative	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
ideas	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
should	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
be	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
encouraged	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
leave	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
minimum	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
environmental	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
footprints	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
without	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
compromising	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
quality	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
of	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
life	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1504	Doc: essay107
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Amount	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
control	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
media	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
information	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1505	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
issues	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
related	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
mass	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
media	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
correct	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
amount	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
control	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
posed	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
newspapers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
televisions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
websites	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1506	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
argued	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
government	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
exercise	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
less	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
restriction	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
sharing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
media	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
information	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
public	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1507	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
increase	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
level	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
control	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
protect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
against	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
inappropriate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
contents	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
unsuitable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
foreign	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
cultures	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1508	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
strong	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
arguments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
favour	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
tighter	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
control	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
limit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
violent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
sexual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
content	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1509	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
impact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
puberty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1510	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
an	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
cartoon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
comedy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
called	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
happy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
tree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
brutal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
characters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
heads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
limbs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
tear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
off	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1511	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
supporting	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
companies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
import	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
foreign	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
programmes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
audiences	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
accept	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
maybe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
otherwise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
welcomed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
local	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1512	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
Japanese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
involved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
throwing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
cream	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
cakes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
loser	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1513	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
actually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
environmentally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
unfriendly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1514	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
major	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
opposing	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
argument	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
is	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
to	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
protect	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
safety	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 1515	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
other	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
words	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
disclose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
media	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
timely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
manner	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
especially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
disasters	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
outbreak	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
diseases	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1516	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
SARS	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
2003	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
Chinese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
therefore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
causes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
numerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
deaths	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1517	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
so	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
another	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
perspective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
citizen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
unnecessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
fear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
unrest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1518	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
sides	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
arguments	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
have	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
its	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
merits	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1519	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
personal	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
view	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
is	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
despite	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
emphasis	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
of	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
citizen	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
safety	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
government	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
regulate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
correct	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
amount	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
violent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
sexual	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
content	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
censor	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
culturally	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
unsuitable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
information	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1520	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Setting	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
up	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
a	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
council	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
monitor	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
media	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
information	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
public	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
could	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
be	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
a	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
practical	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
idea	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 1521	Doc: essay109
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Citizen	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
only	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
responsibility	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
pay	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
taxes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1522	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
debate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
around	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
duties	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
citizen	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1523	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
paying	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
tax	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
only	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
responsibility	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
being	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
person	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
society	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
involves	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
responsibilities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1524	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taxes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
income	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1525	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
paying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
taxes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1526	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
fulfilled	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
duty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
citizen	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1527	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
people	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
individuals	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
country	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
responsible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
apart	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
paying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
tax	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1528	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
obey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
laws	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
imposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1529	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
this	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
way	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
reduced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
becomes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
peaceful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
rapid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
pace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1530	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
citizen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
protect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1531	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
concentration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
books	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1532	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
other	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
unite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
nation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1533	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Indeed	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
strong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
bond	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
peaceful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
helping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
sharing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1534	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Taking	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
everything	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
into	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
account	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
being	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
citizen	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
involves	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
number	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
duties	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
paying	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
taxes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1535	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
must	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
paying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
taxes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
contribute	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1536	Doc: essay110
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Testing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
animals	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
keeping	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
them	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
unnatural	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
conditions	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1537	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Perhaps	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
serious	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
problem	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
facing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
animals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
rights	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
animal	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
experimentation	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1538	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
medical	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
treatments	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
have	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
been	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
discovered	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
by	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
animal	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
testing	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
including	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
cancer	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
and	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
HIV	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
drugs	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
While	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
most	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
scientists	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
claim	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
this	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
is	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
vital	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
for	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
improving	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
human	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
health	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
primates	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
same	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
rights	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
human	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
beings	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1539	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
several	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
reasons	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
why	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
animal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
testing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
banned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1540	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
costs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
outweigh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
benefits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1541	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Every	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
year	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
cosmetic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
farms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
kill	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
millions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
test	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
beneficial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1542	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Animal	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
testing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
costs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
enormous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
since	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
fed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
cared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
treated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
experimental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
substances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1543	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
animals	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
kept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
unnatural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1544	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Recent	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
neglected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
treated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
poorly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
influences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
reactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1545	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
March	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
2003	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
lab	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
technician	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
shot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
video	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
inside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
lab	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
revealed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
primates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
cages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
pain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
medication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
instance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
baboon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
metal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
cylinder	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
screwed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
head	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1546	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
I	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
think	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
sacrificing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
expensive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
painful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1547	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
is	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
also	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
the	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
argument	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
many	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
ethical	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
and	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
genetic	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
principles	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
are	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
broken	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
when	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
testing	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
on	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
animals	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1548	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
people	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
inhumane	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
cruel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
pain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
misleading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
since	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
animals	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
response	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
drug	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1549	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
personally	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
human	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
beings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
moral	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
right	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
use	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
ways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
benefit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
individual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1550	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
above	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
seems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
me	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
testing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
clear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
result	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
and	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
made	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
illegal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1551	Doc: essay111
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
 Pen and Paper 	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1552	Doc: essay112
Examination	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1552	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Examinations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
common	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
methods	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
measuring	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
learning	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
systems	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
throughout	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1553	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
virtually	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
every	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
stage	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
learning	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
process	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
exams	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
used	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
verify	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
learner	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
ready	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
move	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
next	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
stage	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1554	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
many	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
believe	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
role	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
examinations	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
reconsidered	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1555	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
clearly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
exams	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1556	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
ensure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
fairness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
imposing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
exam	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
candidates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1557	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
relatively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
versatile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
types	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
exam	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
questions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
multiple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
questions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
essay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
tasks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
test	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
sorts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
reasoning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1558	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
exams	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
drawbacks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1559	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Test	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
wise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
candidates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
exams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
underlying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1560	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
test	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
takers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
satisfying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
anxiety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1561	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
this	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
case	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
teachers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
learners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
theses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
curriculum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
tested	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
narrowing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1562	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
measures	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
taken	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
address	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
concerns	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1563	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Wherever	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
possible	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
exams	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
content	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1564	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Exam	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
task	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
varied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
fair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
candidates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
types	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1565	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Other	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
types	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
assessment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
considered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
assignment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
writing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
assess	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
independent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
projects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
measure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
teamwork	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1566	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
it	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
is	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
convincing	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
exams	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
role	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
play	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
ensuring	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
proper	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
objective	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
assessment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
achievement	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1567	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
exams	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
carefully	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
designed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
supplemented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
forms	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
evaluation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
truly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
useful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
component	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
system	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1568	Doc: essay112
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Richer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
nations	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
help	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
poorer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
nations	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
health	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
trade	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1569	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Improvements	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
health	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
trade	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
essential	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
poorer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
nations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1570	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Poorer	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
richer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
these	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
areas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
develop	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
countries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1571	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
quantity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
doctors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
nurses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
richer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1572	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
High	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
planning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
proportion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
doctors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
unbalance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
quantity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
resident	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1573	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
top	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
poorer	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
hospitals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
fulfill	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
demand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1574	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
solve	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
these	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
issues	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
richer	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
contribute	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
delegating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
doctors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
nurses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
power	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
donate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
build	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
hospitals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1575	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
generally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
agreed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
lecturers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
institutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1576	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
education	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
afford	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1577	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
order	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
solve	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
education	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
manpower	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
problem	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
richer	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
allocate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
experienced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
educators	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
train	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
teachers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
lecturers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1578	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Meanwhile	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
for	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
issue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
fee	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
richer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
offer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
scholarships	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
loan	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
qualified	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1579	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
in	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
area	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
trade	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
deny	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
lagging	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
behind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
richer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
due	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
shortage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1580	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Trading	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
active	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
incomplete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
infrastructure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1581	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
residents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
rural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
farm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
production	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1582	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
a	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
token	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
of	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
goodwill	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
richer	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
service	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
encourage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
trading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1583	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
former	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
consultation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
setting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
infrastructure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
support	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
trading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1584	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
richer	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
take	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
responsibility	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
helping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
nations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
all	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
trade	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1585	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Improvements	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
areas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
create	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
residents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
poorer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
nations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
use	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
grow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
homeland	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1586	Doc: essay113
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
will	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
soon	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
no	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
role	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
classrooms	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1587	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
recent	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
years	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
common	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
use	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
technological	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
tools	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
learning	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
process	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1588	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
explosion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
innovate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
system	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
replacing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
computers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1589	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
several	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
why	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
will	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
never	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
replaced	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
by	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
computers	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1590	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
computers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
operated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1591	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
No	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
argue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
technological	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
tools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
haves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
classroom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1592	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
lessons	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
attractive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
Power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
Point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
presentation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
presented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
LCD	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
Projector	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1593	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
scientists	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
classroom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
trained	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
staff	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
interactive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
innovative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
teaching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1594	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
nowadays	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
learning	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
process	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
benefits	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
greatly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
from	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
computers	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
but	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
tools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
properly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
touch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1595	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
interactions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1596	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
No	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
matter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
clear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
communicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
pupils	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1597	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
interview	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
Josh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
Trumm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
founder	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
Teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
Global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
Group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
reveals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
interactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
imitated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
:	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
This	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
verbal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
non	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
verbal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
step	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
towards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1598	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
explain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
pupils	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
actually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1599	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
am	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
inclined	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
to	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
with	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
this	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
scientific	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
view	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
only	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
teacher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
connect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
pupils	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
model	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1600	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
without	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
teacher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1601	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
think	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
computers	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
continue	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
used	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
process	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
never	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
take	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
place	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1602	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Teachers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
teachers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
conseilieurs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1603	Doc: essay114
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Funding	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1604	Doc: essay116
artists	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1604	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
order	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
save	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
much	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
budget	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
possible	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
improve	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
economy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
country	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
every	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
government	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
around	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
seeking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
ways	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
spend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
wisely	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1605	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
there	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
suggestion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
governments	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
continue	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
fund	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
artists	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
but	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
ought	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
spend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
money	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
other	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
subjects	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
such	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
medical	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
research	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
space	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1606	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
view	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
firmly	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
with	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
recommendation	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
due	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
several	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1607	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
main	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
why	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
artists	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
should	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
be	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
funded	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
art	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
attracting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
tourists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1608	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
monuments	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
represent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
illustrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
beautiful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
attractive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
tourists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1609	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
tourism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
source	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
revenue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
governments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
arts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
crafts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
boost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
tourist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1610	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
sculptures	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
paintings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
galleries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
generally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
reflect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
civilization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
generation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1611	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
culture	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
history	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
country	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
reserved	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
assured	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1612	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Young	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
observing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
various	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
crafts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1613	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
why	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
artists	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
should	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
be	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
helped	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
because	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
talent	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
extremely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
precious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
wasted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1614	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Indeed	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
blessed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
talent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
paintings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
crafts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1615	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
type	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
talent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
valued	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
types	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
talents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
talent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
literature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1616	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
up	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
art	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
valuable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
object	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
every	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
country	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
talent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
area	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
discovered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
everywhere	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
so	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
think	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
governments	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
encourage	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
artists	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
continue	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1617	Doc: essay116
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
singers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
overpaid	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1618	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
believe	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
professional	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
entertainers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
paid	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
reasonable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
salaries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
up	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
millions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
dollars	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
each	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
year	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1619	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
equal	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
actual	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
contributions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
society	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1620	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
their	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
salary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
lower	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
level	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
appropriate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
compared	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
peoples	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
scientific	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
social	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
economic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
fields	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1621	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
some	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
people	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
claim	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
athletes	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
singers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
deserve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
current	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
salary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
exceptional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1622	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
hardly	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
anyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
basketball	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
skillfully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
Michael	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
Jordan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
legendary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
former	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
American	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
player	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
won	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
several	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
NBA	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
championship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1623	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
undergo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
painstaking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
industrious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
training	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
let	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
contests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
recognized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1624	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
although	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
singers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
whom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
rise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
fame	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
victory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
ultimately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1625	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Overcoming	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
obstacles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
paid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
extraordinary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
efforts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1626	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
their	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
talents	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
should	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
not	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
be	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
overrated	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1627	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Other	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
people	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
say	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
singers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
contribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
insignificantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1628	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
assumed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
amazing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
performances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
audiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
aesthetic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
entertaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
terms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1629	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
scientists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
invent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
machines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
serving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
doctors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
cure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
policemen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
ensure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
safety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
stability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
nation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
singers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
helpful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
improving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
material	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1630	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
promoting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
relaxation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
enjoyment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
audience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1631	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Indeed	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
contribution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
doctors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
scientists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
albeit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1632	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
their	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
privilege	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
salary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
seems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
groundless	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
main	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
forces	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
receive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
modest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
salaries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
enable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
afford	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
bare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
necessities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1633	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
all	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
analysis	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
suggested	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
above	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
professional	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
athletes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
singers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
overpaid	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
terms	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
contributions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1634	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
think	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
that	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
there	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
should	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
be	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
modification	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
salary	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
of	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
professional	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
singers	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
balance	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
with	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
those	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
of	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
people	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
other	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
fields	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
namely	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
science	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
society	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
who	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
are	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
driving	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
forces	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
for	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
prosperity	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
of	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
nation	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1635	Doc: essay118
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
punishment	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1636	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Capital	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
punishment	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
debate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1637	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
world	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
where	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
brutal	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
crimes	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
need	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
deterred	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
may	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
true	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
death	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
penalty	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
an	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
efficient	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
retribution	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
admonish	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
violence	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1638	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
as	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
society	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
grows	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
human	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
rights	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
become	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
more	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
highly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
respected	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
 murdering 	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
criminals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
therefore	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
immoral	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
hard	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
accept	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1639	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
it	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
recognized	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
every	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
right	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
authority	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
empowered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
deprive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1640	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
what	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
criminals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
specifically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
victims	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
indeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
significantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
offensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
humans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
valued	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1641	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
execution	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
resolve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
not	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
to	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
mention	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
criminal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
hardship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
pain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
victim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
kin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
consoled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1642	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
capital	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
certainly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
option	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
control	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
amount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
crimes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
imprisonment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
effective	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
detaining	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
criminals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
prison	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
rest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1643	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
terms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
miserable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
restriction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
outside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
sustaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
feeling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
guilt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
dark	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
bounded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
obsessing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
killed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1644	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
third	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
why	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
death	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
penalty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
banned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
innocent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
wrongly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
convicted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1645	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Juries	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
humans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
discretion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1646	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
executed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
question	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
fairness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
judicial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1647	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
although	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
capital	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
presents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
extreme	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
warning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
community	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
I	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
object	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
to	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
it	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
because	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
absurd	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
inhumane	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1648	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
replaced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
sentence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1649	Doc: essay120
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Businesses	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
only	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
concerned	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
about	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
making	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
profits	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1650	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
companies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
factories	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
businesses	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
establish	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
provide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
products	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
need	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
make	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
profit	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
managers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1651	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
completely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
disagree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
idea	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
businesses	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
allowed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
anything	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
want	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
make	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
profit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1652	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
permission	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
allowed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
hit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
damage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
everything	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
making	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
profit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1653	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
control	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
businesses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
permitted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
everything	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
threaten	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
beings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
plants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1654	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
hear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
televisions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
newspapers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
hit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
toxic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
substances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1655	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
let	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
anything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
profit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
produce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
low	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
qualities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
prices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
hit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
consumer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1656	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
months	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
broadcast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
produced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
milk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
sold	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
milk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
babies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
die	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1657	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
all	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
companies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
factories	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
businesses	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
monitored	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
governments	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
executive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
let	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
anything	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
want	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
just	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
due	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
making	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
profit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1658	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
hit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
both	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
easily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1659	Doc: essay121
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
New	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1660	Doc: essay122
high	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1660	Doc: essay122
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1660	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
my	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
neighbors	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
will	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
oppose	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
idea	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
personally	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
approve	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1661	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
bring	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
lot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
community	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1662	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
district	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
pretty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
old	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
lacks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
necessities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
t	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
enough	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1663	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
really	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
new	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
addition	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
educational	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
system	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
community	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1664	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
think	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
lots	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
concerned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1665	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
pretty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
materials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
repairing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
sport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1666	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
laboratory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
physics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
chemistry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
so	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
classes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1667	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
breath	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
enthusiasm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1668	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
connections	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
between	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
communities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
districts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
city	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1669	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
classes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
competitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1670	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
during	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
football	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
touch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1671	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
connections	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1672	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
disadvantage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
noisiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
competitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1673	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
neighborhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
bit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
perturbed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
think	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
isn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
reason	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
ceasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
competitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1674	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
up	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
this	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
construction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
connections	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
between	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
communities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
educational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
equipment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
increase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
enthusiasm	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
toward	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1675	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
disadvantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
nosiness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
competitions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
participate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
but	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
I	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
think	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
isn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1676	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
addition	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
environment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1677	Doc: essay122
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
other	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
adult	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
relatives	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
make	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
important	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
decisions	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
olde	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1678	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
might	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
seem	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
teenaged	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
children	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
particularly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
age	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
15	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
18	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
fully	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
grown	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
so	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
do	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
not	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
need	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
any	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
help	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
making	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
decisions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1679	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
in	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
teenagers	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
attention	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
comparison	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
higher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
ages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1680	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
will	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
discuss	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
view	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
two	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
main	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
areas	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1681	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
first	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
place	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
there	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
no	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
adult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
relatives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
experienced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
towards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
advisor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1682	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
experienced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
numbers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
stuffs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
so	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
listen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
advices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
happening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
worst	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1683	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
value	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1684	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
I	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
have	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
always	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
believed	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
parents	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
adults	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
relatives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
consular	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
teenagers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
because	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
unfortunately	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
cheat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
gaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1685	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
cheat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
ages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
because	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
believe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
immature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
trap	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1686	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
up	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
it	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
makes	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
no	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
difference	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
people	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
from	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
young	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
ages	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
old	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
ages	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
are	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
free	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
make	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
a	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
decision	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
nonetheless	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
sometimes	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
prevent	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
some	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
problems	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
coming	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
up	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
for	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
young	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
individuals	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
idea	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
ask	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
parents	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
adult	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
relatives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
give	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
piece	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
advice	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1687	Doc: essay123
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1688	Doc: essay124
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1688	Doc: essay124
free	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1688	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
hardly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
ever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
find	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
person	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
who	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
says	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
he	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
she	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
had	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
unpleasant	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
childhood	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1689	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
reminisce	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
memories	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
absolutely	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
infer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
childhood	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
events	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1690	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
much	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
their	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
events	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
might	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
were	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
bitter	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
their	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
adulthood	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
they	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
sweet	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1691	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
my	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
childhood	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
definitely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
happiest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
two	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
main	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
areas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1692	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
place	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
restricted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
limitation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
rare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1693	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
growth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
allowed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
stuffs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1694	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
argument	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1695	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
in	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
age	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
expected	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
responsible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1696	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
educate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
so	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
hand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
stage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1697	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
a	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
matter	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
of	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
traveled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
county	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
kindergarten	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1698	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
familiar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
plants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1699	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
in	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
all	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
I	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
would	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
maintain	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
phase	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
childhood	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1700	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
whatever	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
confine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
punishment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
hands	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
try	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1701	Doc: essay124
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Concentrate	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
objectives	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
attend	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
schools	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
various	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1702	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
centuries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
ago	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
universities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
playing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
role	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
ones	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1703	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
attend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
university	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
point	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
views	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1704	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
three	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
reasons	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
increased	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
career	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
preparation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
experiences	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1705	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
for	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
ideal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
understanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1706	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Truthfully	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
wonderful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
provided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
varieties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
gigantic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
professors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
trained	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1707	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
strengthen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1708	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
through	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
instructions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
sufficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
infrastructure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
laboratory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
library	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
capable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
aspect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1709	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
gain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
deep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
sight	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
into	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1710	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
studying	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
in	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
university	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
means	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
that	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
you	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
have	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
totally	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
turned	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
into	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
a	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
different	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
page	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
of	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
your	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
life	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
which	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
included	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
many	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
new	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
experiences	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1711	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
enroll	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
enormous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
studied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1712	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
given	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
fantastic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
create	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
wide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
relationships	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
corner	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
nation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
even	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
whole	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1713	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
brother	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
mixed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
include	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
Vietnam	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
Brazil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
Argentina	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1714	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
excited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
experiencing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
purposes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
attending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1715	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
not	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
least	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
preparing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
career	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
function	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1716	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
homework	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
assignment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
volunteer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
internship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1717	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
outside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
discover	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
goals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1718	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
all	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
emphasis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
objectives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1719	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
summation	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
people	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
may	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
attend	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
university	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
for	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
various	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1720	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
want	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
enjoy	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
new	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
experiences	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
some	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
are	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
going	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
for	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
their	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
future	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
career	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
while	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
others	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
are	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
eager	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
develop	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
their	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
understanding	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1721	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
though	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
purposes	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
could	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
be	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
various	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
everybody	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
studying	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
concentrate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
objectives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
try	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1722	Doc: essay125
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
put	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
too	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
much	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
focus	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
making	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
wealth	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
progress	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
technology	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1723	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
totally	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
half	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
centuries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
before	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1724	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Advances	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
technology	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
do	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
help	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
humans	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
solve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
abundant	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
problems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
;	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
however	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
also	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
deprives	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
things	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
we	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
had	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1725	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
life	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
old	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
days	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
brings	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
happiness	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
today	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
several	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
reasons	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1726	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
first	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
life	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
simple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1727	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
humans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
compete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1728	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Since	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
world	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
competition	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
fierce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1729	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
handle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
replace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1730	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
effort	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1731	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
lives	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
old	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
days	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
today	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1732	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
damaged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1733	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
windows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
isn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
sky	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
trees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
mountains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
coldly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1734	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Everyday	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
walk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
breath	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
polluted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
space	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1735	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
'	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
s	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
worse	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
proved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
mental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1736	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
grandparents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
comfortable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
today	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1737	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
third	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
pace	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1738	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Today	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
chat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
travel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
planes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
;	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
however	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
happens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
affect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1739	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
react	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
properly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
immediately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
vulnerable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1740	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
pace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1741	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
while	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
there	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
pretty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
condition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
minority	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1742	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
put	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
too	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
focus	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
making	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
wealth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
progress	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
;	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
behind	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
glamorous	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
facade	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
of	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
it	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
what	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
we	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
loss	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
will	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
never	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
be	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
returned	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1743	Doc: essay127
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Educated	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
high	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
with	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
bright	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
independent	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
mind	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1744	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
High	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
school	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
time	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
when	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
you	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
decide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
your	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
future	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
career	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
particular	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
field	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
you	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
want	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
concentrate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
interested	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1745	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
high	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
permit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
choose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
courses	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
want	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
several	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
reasons	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
freedom	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
choice	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
progress	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
grades	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
explore	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
aptitude	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1746	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
all	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
as	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
above	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
right	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
choose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1747	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
allowing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
desired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
chosen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
restriction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
rights	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1748	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
independent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
rights	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
goals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
dreams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1749	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Next	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
classes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
progress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
grades	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1750	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
conflicts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
enjoyable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
productive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
instructor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1751	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
shared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
interests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1752	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Giving	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
choose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
interested	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
fields	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
merit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1753	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
most	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
important	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
I	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
support	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
this	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
idea	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
explore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
aptitude	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1754	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
succeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1755	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
this	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
type	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
raise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
geniuses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1756	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
as	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
a	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
young	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
women	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
want	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
get	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
desire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
study	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
order	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
distinguished	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
achievement	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
so	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
him	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
her	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1757	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Having	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
three	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
helps	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
us	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
to	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
bring	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
up	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
students	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
who	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
are	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
well	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
-	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
educated	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
with	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
a	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
bright	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
and	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
independent	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
mind	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 1758	Doc: essay128
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Under	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
suitable	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
administration	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
tourism	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
enhances	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
local	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
economic	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
development	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1759	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Tourist	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
trade	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
becoming	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
powerful	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
engine	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
economy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1760	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
individuals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
position	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
ignores	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
ecological	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
environmental	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
destruction	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
result	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
tourist	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
activities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
its	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
adverse	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
effects	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
local	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
communities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
ecosystems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1761	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
both	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
positions	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
seem	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
reasonable	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
through	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
proper	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
management	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
regulation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
booming	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
tourist	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
industry	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
excellent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
source	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
economic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
growth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
wealth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
rural	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
urban	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
areas	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1762	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
obvious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
merit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
vastly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
boost	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
particular	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
state	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
region	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1763	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
takes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
expenditure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
tourists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
provides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
indirect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
retail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
service	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1764	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
tax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
expansion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
markets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
accommodation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
luxury	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
goods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
amongst	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
solid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
regulated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1765	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
tourism	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
provides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
considerable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
indirect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
retail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
hotels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
transport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
service	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1766	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
allows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
contribution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
purchasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
commodities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
growing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
incomes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1767	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
a	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
result	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
cycle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
generating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
prosperity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
return	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1768	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
oppose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
citing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
environmental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
cultural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
destruction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
caused	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1769	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
compared	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
alternatives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
resource	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
extraction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
manufacture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
far	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
worse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
destroyers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1770	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
paper	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
mills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
pour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
hundreds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
thousands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
tons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
contamination	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
rivers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
causing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
severe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1771	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
other	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
dramatic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
tourist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
tend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
spending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
wealth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
locating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
visiting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
rustic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
villages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
educated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1772	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
illogical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
believe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
rational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
folks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
conduct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
decently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
required	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1773	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
careful	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
consideration	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
of	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
both	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
sides	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
of	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
argument	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
sector	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
desirable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
socioeconomic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1774	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
evident	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
under	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
suitable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
administration	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
benefits	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
tourism	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
outweigh	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
drawbacks	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1775	Doc: essay130
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
government	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
allocate	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
funds	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
public	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
services	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
instead	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
arts	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1776	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
governmental	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
financing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
provision	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
aesthetic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
features	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
sparked	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
heated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
debate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1777	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
some	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
budget	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
allocation	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
to	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
arts	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
is	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
waste	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
of	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
national	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
resources	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
and	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
money	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
should	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
instead	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
be	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
spent	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
on	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
public	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
services	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
contend	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
this	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
investment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
field	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
arts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
interest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 1778	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
all	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
there	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
no	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
governments	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
liable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
providing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
societies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
appropriate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
services	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
adequate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
efficient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1779	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
no	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
suffer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
sort	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
deficiency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1780	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
individuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
requirements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1781	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
burden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
highly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
concern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
mental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
initiatives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
unconsciously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
sensibly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
provided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1782	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
top	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
of	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
this	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
arts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
play	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
pivotal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
role	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
round	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1783	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
No	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
named	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
painting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
literature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
consideration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1784	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Enriching	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
enlightening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
thoughts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
basically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
affect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
enhancement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
societies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
positive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1785	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
investing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
employment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
end	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
return	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
capital	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
occasionally	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1786	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
investment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
paid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
values	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
created	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
matter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
considered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
national	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
possessions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1787	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
up	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
not	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
investing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
art	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
considered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
wasting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
kind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
but	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
enriches	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
culture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
governments	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
individuals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
benefit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
multiple	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1788	Doc: essay131
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
now	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
conscious	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
gain	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
educational	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
qualification	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1789	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
career	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
itself	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
became	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
motto	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
living	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
since	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
beginning	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
industrialization	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
late	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
19th	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
century	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1790	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
usually	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
tend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
single	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
career	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
means	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
living	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1791	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
modern	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
trend	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
reveals	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
new	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
generations	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
interested	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
perform	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
several	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
would	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
like	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
gain	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
multiple	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
higher	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
educational	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
certificates	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
order	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
earn	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
gain	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
financial	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
security	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1792	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
steady	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
income	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
employee	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
support	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
himself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1793	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
recession	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
seeing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
downfall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1794	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
overwhelming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
crisis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
prompting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
delayering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
reduction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1795	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
result	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
focusing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
several	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
gaining	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
further	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
qualification	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
secure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
condition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1796	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
arrival	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
major	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
promoting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
further	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
unemployment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1797	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
official	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
term	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
of	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
it	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
is	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
named	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
 Technological Unemployment 	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 1798	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
North	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
American	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
economists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
published	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
reports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
scrutinizing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
American	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
eliminating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
creating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1799	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
robots	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
automation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
softwares	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
manual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
professions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
clerks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
interpreters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
security	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
retails	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
specially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
manufacturing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1800	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
stake	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1801	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
ensure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
flexible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
earning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
getting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1802	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
not	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
least	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
corporational	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
policy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
inferiors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
another	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
reason	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
drives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
labours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
sectors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1803	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
above	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
now	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
conscious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
gain	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
educational	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
qualification	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
interested	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
various	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
fields	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
simultaneously	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
earn	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
support	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
themselves	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1804	Doc: essay132
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
human	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
activities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
influenced	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
by	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
computer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
use	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1805	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Computer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
device	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
useful	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
human	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1806	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
use	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
computer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
particularly	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
work	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
study	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
even	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
communication	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1807	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
many	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
argue	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
computer	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
give	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
obstacle	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
than	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
help	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
social	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
life	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1808	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Other	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
sides	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
believe	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
it	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
becomes	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
prominent	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
thing	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
they	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
cannot	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
do	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
anything	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
without	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
device	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 1809	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
computer	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
influence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
already	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
been	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
controlled	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
device	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1810	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
would	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
this	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
modern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
device	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
been	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
major	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
hindrance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1811	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
conducted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
Mediabank	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
shows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
Australian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
socialize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
due	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
to	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
the	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
nine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
dealing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
produce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1812	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
it	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
can	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
be	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
seen	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
from	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
idea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
neglected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1813	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
using	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
complete	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1814	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Businessmen	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
device	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
presentation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
colleagues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1815	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Communication	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
feature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
email	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
busy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
businessmen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
relation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1816	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1817	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
in	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
era	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
like	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
age	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
computer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
becomes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
thing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
human	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1818	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Every	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
day	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
pass	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
day	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
stay	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
front	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
using	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1819	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
becomes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
lifestyle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
habits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
influenced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1820	Doc: essay133
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Qualification	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
still	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
fundamental	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
determinant	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
an	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
employee	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
competency	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1821	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
increased	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
educational	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
level	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
workforce	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
there	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
growing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
number	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
employers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
seeking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
criteria	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
other	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
qualifications	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
social	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
skills	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
employee	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
selection	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
process	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1822	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
employers	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
still	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
qualifications	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
most	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
paramount	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
criterion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1823	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
essay	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
intends	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
explore	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
both	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
sides	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
arguments	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
present	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
own	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1824	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
some	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
people	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
suggest	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
qualification	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
foremost	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
measurement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
determine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
value	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
employer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1825	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
importance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
educated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
trained	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
duties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1826	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Specifically	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
professional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
medicals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
required	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
degree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1827	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Social	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
seem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
contribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
surgery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1828	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
other	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
it	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
is	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
no	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
importance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
been	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
recognized	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
increasing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
employers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1829	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
because	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
required	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
frequently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1830	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Interpersonal	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
skill	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
plays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
helping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
colleagues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
cooperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
conflicts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
arise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1831	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Better	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
allow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
resolve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
disagreements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
harmony	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1832	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
organization	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
transformed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
oriented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1833	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Excellent	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
strong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
clients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
customer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
satisfaction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1834	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
my	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
view	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
incline	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
to	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
qualification	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
fundamental	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
determinant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
employee	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
competency	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
jobs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1835	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Yet	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
importance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
neglected	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
perform	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
effectiveness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
efficiency	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
facilitating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
interaction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
communication	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1836	Doc: essay134
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
International	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1837	Doc: essay135
aid	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1837	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
prosperous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
ever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
yet	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
great	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
number	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
still	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
living	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
poverty	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
suffering	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
wars	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
disasters	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1838	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Charity	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
organisations	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
been	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
playing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
an	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
important	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
role	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
provide	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
support	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
those	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1839	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
whether	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
help	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
go	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
who	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
need	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
most	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
or	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
country	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
where	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
charity	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
organisations	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
located	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1840	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
view	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
international	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
aid	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
prioritised	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1841	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
International	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
aid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
critical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
facing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1842	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
African	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
below	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
standards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1843	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
clothes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
warm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
mention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1844	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
worse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
confronted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
wars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
disasters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
facing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
severe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
security	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
homelessness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
pain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
losing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1845	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
clear	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
desperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
support	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1846	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Despite	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
importance	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
of	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
helping	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
those	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
beyond	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
our	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
national	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
borders	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
reasonable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
lend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
hand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
fellow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1847	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
all	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
charity	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
organisations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
mainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
funded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
demand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
collected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1848	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
is	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
even	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
within	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
poor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1849	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
solving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
beneficial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
stability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
steady	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
growth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1850	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
unfortunate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
countries	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
international	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
assistance	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
while	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
helping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
citizens	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
home	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
country	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
necessary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1851	Doc: essay135
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Popular	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1852	Doc: essay137
events	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1852	Doc: essay137
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1852	Doc: essay137
essential	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1852	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
sportive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
competition	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
event	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
watched	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
almost	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
every	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
country	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
around	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
provide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
social	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
stimulus	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
gathering	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1853	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
view	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
these	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
sportive	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
events	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
vital	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
release	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
international	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
problems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
just	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
entertainment	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
distract	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1854	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
they	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
somehow	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1855	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
a	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
matter	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
world	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
sport	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
events	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
positive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
waves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1856	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
purpose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
competitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
share	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
emotions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
supporters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
though	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1857	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
emotions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
shared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
locally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
village	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
nationally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
internationally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1858	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Obviously	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
events	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
gather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
nationalist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
pride	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
feeling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1859	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
football	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
cup	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
four	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
followed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
event	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
fun	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1860	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
these	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
sports	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
events	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
essential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
issues	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
politics	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
international	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
affairs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1861	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
general	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
atmosphere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
peaceful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
fraternal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
reality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1862	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
other	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
words	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
this	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
is	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
the	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
 calm before the storm 	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 1863	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
Olympics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
finished	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
everything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
came	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
normal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
forgotten	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1864	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
picture	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
it	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
recently	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
Putin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
pleased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
open	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
last	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
winter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
Olympic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
gather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
actually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
facade	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
Putin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
didn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
listen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
warning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
conquered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
Crimea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1865	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
an	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
international	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
sports	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
event	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
thing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
gather	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
let	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
dream	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
proud	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
nationality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
forget	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1866	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
meetings	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
none	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
case	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
here	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
interact	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
international	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
affairs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1867	Doc: essay137
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Distance	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
learning	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
cannot	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
bring	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
that	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
colleges	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
offer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1868	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
tremendous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
information	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
long	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
distance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
enables	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
study	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
home	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
without	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
going	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
school	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1869	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
approach	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
beneficial	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
pupils	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
than	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
way	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
sparks	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
off	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
heated	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
debate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1870	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
students	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
acquire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
benefits	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
remote	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1871	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
begin	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
with	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
studying	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
save	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
pupils	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
enormous	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
considerable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
expense	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1872	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
distance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
cut	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
down	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
commuting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
tuition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
fees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
textbook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
fees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
forth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
connection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1873	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
difference	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
far	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
off	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
countryside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
whose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
below	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
poverty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
line	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1874	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
long	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
distance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
provides	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
opportunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
immense	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
resources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
variety	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
teaching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
approaches	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1875	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Pupils	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
obtain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
materials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
curricula	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
mouse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
click	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
reports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
posts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
documentary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
records	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1876	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
select	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
specific	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
preference	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
schedule	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
so	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
progress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
satisfactory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
achievement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1877	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
traditional	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
its	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
communication	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
mental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
inspiration	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
educations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1878	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
remarkable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
contributions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
providing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
immediate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
feedbacks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
cultivating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
pupils	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
personalities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1879	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
improvements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
streaming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
sensor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
technologies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
remote	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
eliminate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
obstacles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
distance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
contacts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1880	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
concede	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
traditional	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
merits	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
feedbacks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
inspirations	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
replaced	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
near	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1881	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
distance	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
outweighs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
conventional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
efficiency	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
convenience	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
economic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
value	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
self	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
regulated	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
pupils	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
study	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
purpose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1882	Doc: essay138
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1883	Doc: essay141
convincing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1883	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
hotly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
debated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
face	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
-	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
face	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
communication	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
better	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
other	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
kinds	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
communication	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
also	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
approached	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
several	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
angles	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
due	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
its	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
complexity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1884	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
tend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
communication	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
person	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
best	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
way	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
expression	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
seem	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
stand	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
opposite	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
position	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1885	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
deeply	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
pondering	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
over	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
issue	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
develop	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
own	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1886	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
favor	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
former	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
;	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
communication	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1887	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
lies	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
in	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
inevitable	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
communicating	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
convincing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1888	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Sometimes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
convince	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
complain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
successfully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
fitting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
uncle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1889	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
once	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
complained	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
service	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1890	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
exaggeration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
directly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
boss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
boss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
occurred	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
meal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
fly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
concealed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1891	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Afterward	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
uncle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
acquired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
service	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
thanks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1892	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
wrote	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
complain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
website	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
telephone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1893	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
commence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
agree	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
communicating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
someone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1894	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apart	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
from	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
one	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
have	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
above	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
another	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
equally	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
crucible	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
aspect	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
deceived	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1895	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
received	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
harmful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
words	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
facebook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
Eric	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1896	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
said	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
totally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
failed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
building	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
friendship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
anymore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1897	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
shocked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
happened	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1898	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
realized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
facebook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
account	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
stolen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1899	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
from	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
this	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
case	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
capable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
stating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
talk	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1900	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
on	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
other	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
there	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
might	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
be	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
some	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
dissidents	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
proclaiming	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
communication	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
letters	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
email	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
telephone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
enable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
talk	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
scruple	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
parts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
communication	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1901	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
from	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
my	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
limited	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
understanding	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
just	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
credibility	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
saying	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 1902	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
conceivable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
talk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
imprudent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
words	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1903	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Talking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
scruple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
indispensable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
contrast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
detrimental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1904	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Based	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
on	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
demonstrated	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
above	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
express	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
opinion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
person	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
because	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
qualitatively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
greater	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
opposite	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 1905	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
other	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
words	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
think	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
communication	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
means	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 1906	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
is	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
not	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
to	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
say	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
course	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
other	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
points	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
view	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
are	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
completely	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
without	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
merit	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 25	Sentence: 1907	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Still	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
,	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
am	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
firmly	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
convinced	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
that	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
the	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
I	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
proposed	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
in	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
favor	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
of	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
my	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
own	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
sentiment	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
are	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
much	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
more	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
tenable	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
and	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
cogent	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
.	O	O	N	SP: 26	Sentence: 1908	Doc: essay141
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Successful	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
something	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
new	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
take	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
risks	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1909	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
hotly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
debated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
successful	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
usually	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
take	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
risk	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
try	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
new	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
things	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
approached	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
several	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
angles	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
due	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
its	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
complexity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1910	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
tend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
successful	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
do	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
something	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
unfamiliar	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
seem	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
stand	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
opposite	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
place	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1911	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
deeply	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
pondering	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
over	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
issue	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
develop	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
own	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
well	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1912	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
favor	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
latter	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
;	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
successful	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
already	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
know	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1913	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
lies	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
in	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
an	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
inevitable	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
to	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
successful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
reduce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
encounter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1914	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
factors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
fail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
probability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1915	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consider	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
circumstance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
rich	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
knows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
investment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1916	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
thinks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
worth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
invest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
waits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
constant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
income	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1917	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
invest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
dangerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
profit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
bankrupt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1918	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
we	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
can	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
commence	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
successful	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
try	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
risks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1919	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
another	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
equally	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
crucial	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
aspect	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
depends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
capability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
decide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
whether	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
succeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1920	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
least	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
successful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
dismantle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
hurdles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
prohibiting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1921	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
stars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
win	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
extraordinary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1922	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
reason	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
why	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
succeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
predominated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
abilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
realm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1923	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
distinctive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
performance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
risks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
drugs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
failed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
succeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1924	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
from	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
this	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
case	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
we	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
are	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
capable	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
of	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
stating	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
necessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
successful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
risks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1925	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
on	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
other	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
hands	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
there	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
might	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
be	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
some	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
dissidents	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
proclaiming	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
doing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
something	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
necessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
success	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
because	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
widely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
accepted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
idea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1926	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
according	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
my	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
limited	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
understanding	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
I	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
just	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
credibility	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
of	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
saying	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
owing	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
its	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
imprudence	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 1927	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Try	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
indeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
special	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
while	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
mean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
successful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1928	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Based	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
on	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
demonstrated	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
above	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
doing	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
what	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
already	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
known	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
leads	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
succeed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
because	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
relatively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
greater	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
opposite	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1929	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
other	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
words	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
reducing	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
risks	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
and	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
enhancing	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
individual	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
'	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
s	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
capability	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
is	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
most	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
important	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
path	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
success	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 1930	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
is	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
not	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
to	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
say	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
of	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
course	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
other	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
points	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
of	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
view	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
are	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
completely	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
without	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
merit	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1931	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Still	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
,	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
I	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
am	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
firmly	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
convinced	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
that	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
the	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
I	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
have	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
proposed	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
in	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
favor	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
of	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
my	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
own	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
sentiment	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
are	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
much	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
more	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
tenable	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
and	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
cogent	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
.	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1932	Doc: essay143
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
University	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
only	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
available	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1933	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
purpose	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
among	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
especially	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
high	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
level	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
college	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1934	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
all	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
deserve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
educated	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
at	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
level	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1935	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
leave	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
type	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
type	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
training	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
certain	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
knowledgeable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
learners	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1936	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
focusing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
talented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
option	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
institutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1937	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unlike	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
middle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
college	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
far	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
enormous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
complex	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1938	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
capable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
tough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
talented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1939	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
explains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
why	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
suitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
opening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
fatal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
institutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
since	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
somehow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
materials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
practical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1940	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
university	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
accept	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
because	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
sophisticated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
purposes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1941	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
people	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
division	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
refuses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
called	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
low	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
but	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
actually	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
harm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1942	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
available	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
complex	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
handled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
start	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
institutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1943	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
think	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
limiting	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
admitted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
since	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
reward	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
motivation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
constantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
level	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1944	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Ultimately	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
improves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
overall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
serve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1945	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
thing	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
up	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
everyone	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
compulsory	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
level	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
above	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
divisions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
only	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
realm	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1946	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
improve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
both	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
universities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
thus	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
placing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
positions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
suit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1947	Doc: essay144
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Improving	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
facilities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
best	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
way	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1948	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
hotly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
debated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
over	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
universities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
spend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
money	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
improving	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
facilities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
hiring	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
famous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
this	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
topic	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
approached	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
several	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
angles	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
due	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
its	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
complexity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1949	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
tend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
schools	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
invest	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
renewing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
facilities	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
while	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
other	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
seem	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
famous	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
conducive	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1950	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
deeply	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
pondering	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
over	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
issue	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
develop	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
own	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
well	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 1951	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
favor	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
former	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
;	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
improving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1952	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
first	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
and	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
lies	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
in	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
an	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
inevitable	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
chances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1953	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
library	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1954	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
concentrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
tranquil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
ambience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
references	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
utilize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1955	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
convenient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
versatile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
facility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1956	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
we	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
can	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
commence	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
certain	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
beneficial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1957	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
another	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
equally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
crucial	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
aspect	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
staying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
classrooms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1958	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
numerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1959	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consider	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
circumstance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
jazz	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
ensemble	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1960	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
auditorium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
extraordinary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
performance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1961	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
distinguished	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
performance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
acquire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
unforgettable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
burring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
deeply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1962	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
from	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
this	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
case	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
we	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
are	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
capable	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
of	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
stating	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
prefer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
spending	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
improving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1963	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
on	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
other	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
there	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
might	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
be	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
some	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
people	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
proclaiming	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
schools	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
spend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
hiring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
prestigious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
teachers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
because	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
impart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1964	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
according	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
my	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
limited	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
understanding	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
I	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
just	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
credibility	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
of	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
saying	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
owing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
its	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
imprudence	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 1965	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
whether	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
teacher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
decided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
effort	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1966	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
useless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
hire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
super	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
teacher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
teach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
sluggards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1967	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Based	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
on	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
demonstrate	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
above	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
improving	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
because	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
relatively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
greater	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 1968	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
other	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
words	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
procure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 1969	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
is	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
not	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
to	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
say	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
of	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
course	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
other	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
points	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
of	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
view	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
are	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
completely	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
without	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
merit	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 1970	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Still	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
,	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
I	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
an	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
firmly	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
convinced	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
that	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
the	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
I	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
have	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
proposed	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
in	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
favor	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
of	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
my	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
sentiment	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
are	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
much	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
more	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
tenable	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
and	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
cogent	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
.	O	O	N	SP: 24	Sentence: 1971	Doc: essay145
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
High	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
schools	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
must	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
future	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
with	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
well	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
planned	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
curriculum	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1972	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
state	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
high	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
schools	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
allow	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
students	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
study	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
what	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
want	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1973	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
motivates	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
study	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1974	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
however	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
students	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
study	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
broad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
range	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
subjects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
literature	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
mathematics	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1975	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
tertiary	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
specialization	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1976	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
extent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
paternalistic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
prevent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
avoiding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
hurdles	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1977	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
begin	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
with	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
fields	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
really	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
interested	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1978	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
decide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
major	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
trying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
broad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
range	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
otherwise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
miss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
encounter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 1979	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
mathematician	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
strongly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
intrigued	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
philosophy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 1980	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Next	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
obtain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 1981	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
General	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
plays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
specialized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 1982	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Science	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
said	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
specialized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
solve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
scientists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
combine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
chemistry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
physics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 1983	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
although	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
textbooks	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
labelled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
particular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
understanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 1984	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
sometimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
physics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
text	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
chemistry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 1985	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
high	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
broadly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 1986	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
but	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
not	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
least	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
tendency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
shun	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 1987	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
tough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
courses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
mainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
Mickey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
Mouse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
courses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 1988	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
choices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 1989	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
schools	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
responsible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
protect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 1990	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
summary	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
students	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
find	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
interesting	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
subjects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
acquire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
general	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
prepare	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
higher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
tertiary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 1991	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
high	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
school	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
must	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
be	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
responsible	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
for	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
their	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
future	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
with	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
well	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
-	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
planned	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
curriculum	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 1992	Doc: essay146
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
importance	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
games	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
adults	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
comparing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 1993	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
grow	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
up	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
arguments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
importance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
games	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
arise	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 1994	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
adults	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
need	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
playing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
games	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
children	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
do	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 1995	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
games	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
longer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
too	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
them	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
several	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 1996	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
first	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
games	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
unnecessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
careers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
begin	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 1997	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Someone	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
argue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
relax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
balanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 1998	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
more	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
commitment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
force	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
abandon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
lifelong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
hobbies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
and	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
as	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
a	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
result	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
effort	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
15	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
20	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 1999	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
example	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
except	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
minor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
professional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
stop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
seriously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
soon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
decent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2000	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
troublesome	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
enjoyable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2001	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
should	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
be	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
adults	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
often	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
pursue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
competitive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
keen	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
competition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
winning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2002	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
youngsters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
maintaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
desire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
win	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
develops	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
outstanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
characteristics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
whether	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
sport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
events	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2003	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
younger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
sister	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
likes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
fencing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
thanks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
desire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
win	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
facing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
becoming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
hurt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2004	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
the	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
other	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
adults	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
consider	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
childish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
drop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
immediately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2005	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
competitive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
finds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
cooperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
colleagues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2006	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
of	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
moderate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
achievements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
gradually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
interest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2007	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
up	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
think	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
adults	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
play	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
games	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
but	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
styles	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
often	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
distinct	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
often	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
less	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
competitive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
enjoyable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2008	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Along	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
requirement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
games	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
leisure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
adults	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
something	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
necessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
meant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2009	Doc: essay147
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Opinions	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2010	Doc: essay148
regarding	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2010	Doc: essay148
world	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2010	Doc: essay148
culture	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2010	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
regarding	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
culture	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2011	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
all	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
world	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
cannot	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
single	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
culture	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2012	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
single	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
culture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
being	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
created	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
following	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2013	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
most	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
same	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
educational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
system	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
based	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2014	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Teachers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
topics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
data	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
type	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
presentation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
PowerPoint	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2015	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
Iran	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
software	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
Microsoft	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
type	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
homework	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
presentation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
Canadian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2016	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
new	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
created	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
similar	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
around	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2017	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Computer	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
growing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
encouraged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2018	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
immigrants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
Canada	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
degree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
Canadian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
salaries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2019	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
example	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
shows	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
jobs	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
demand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2020	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
people	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
might	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
cultures	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
making	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
foods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
unicq	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2021	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
point	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
has	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
some	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
merits	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
on	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
the	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
surface	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
;	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
however	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
Canada	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
USA	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
British	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
serve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
form	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
cultures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2022	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
cooks	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
recipes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
Internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2023	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
example	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
two	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
days	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
Canadian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
ate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
noodle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
sushi	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
Chinese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
Greek	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
salad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2024	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
up	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
new	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
affected	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
cultures	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
see	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
similarities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
cultures	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2025	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
new	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
influences	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
educational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
system	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
foods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2026	Doc: essay148
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Reading	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2027	Doc: essay150
fictions	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2027	Doc: essay150
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2027	Doc: essay150
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2027	Doc: essay150
pleasant	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2027	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
regarding	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
hobbies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2028	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
would	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
rather	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
watch	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
TV	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2029	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
reading	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
fiction	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
enjoyable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
watching	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
following	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2030	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
fiction	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
books	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
pay	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
attention	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
details	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2031	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
characters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
novel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2032	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
novels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
describe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
characters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
novels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
scene	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
happening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2033	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
example	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
after	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
farms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
story	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
Russian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
revolution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
leaders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
segments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
Russian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2034	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
review	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
stories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
characters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2035	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
reading	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
novel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
convenient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2036	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
novels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
100	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
pages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
readers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
finish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2037	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Yet	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
continue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
novels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
wherever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
bus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
trains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2038	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
example	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
novel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
since	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
last	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
week	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2039	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
novel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
read	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
am	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
coming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
English	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2040	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
sit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
15	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
minutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2041	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
people	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
might	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
watching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
when	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
they	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
know	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2042	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
point	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
has	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
some	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
merits	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
on	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
the	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
surface	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
;	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
however	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
movies	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
idea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
beginners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
since	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
characters	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
speak	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
unclear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
learners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2043	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
learners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
start	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
novels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
comprehensible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
enjoyable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2044	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
up	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
reading	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
fictions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
pleasant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
because	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
these	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
books	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
depth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
use	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
useful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
language	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
learners	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2045	Doc: essay150
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Various	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
local	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
languages	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
becoming	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
extinct	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2046	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
English	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
commonly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
used	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
language	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
across	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2047	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Its	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
usage	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
increasing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
day	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
day	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2048	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
consequence	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
various	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
local	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
languages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
becoming	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
extinct	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2049	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
argue	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
is	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
a	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
positive	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
change	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
would	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
help	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
easily	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
communicate	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2050	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
there	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
are	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
others	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
who	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
with	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
this	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
and	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
are	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
more	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
concerned	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
about	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
dying	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
local	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
languages	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2051	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
my	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
I	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
using	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
single	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
language	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
through	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
out	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
change	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
helping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
become	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
place	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2052	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
fewer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
interact	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2053	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Due	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
globalization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
traveling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
professional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
trips	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2054	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
communicating	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
single	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
reduce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
travelers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
ordering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2055	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
migrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
as	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
discussions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
otherwise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
multiple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
adjust	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2056	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Single	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
language	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
reduces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
misunderstandings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2057	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Adding	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
to	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
exchange	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
sectors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
electronics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
astronomy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2058	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
the	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
other	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
few	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
worried	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
dying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
local	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2059	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
basis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
origination	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
initial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
cultures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2060	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2061	Doc: essay151
represent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2061	Doc: essay151
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2061	Doc: essay151
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2061	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2061	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
usage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
decrease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
changes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
accordingly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2062	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Further	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
tightly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
coupled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
olden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
literature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
scripts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
impossible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
decipher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
languages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
lost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2063	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
I	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
change	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
inevitable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
usage	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
language	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
across	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2064	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
have	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
accept	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
these	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
changes	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
for	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
world	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
be	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
better	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
place	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2065	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Communication	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
single	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
language	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
improve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
productivity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
brings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
everyone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
same	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
page	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2066	Doc: essay151
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Higher	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
taught	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
how	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
manage	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
money	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2067	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
money	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
key	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
ingredient	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
various	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
walks	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
before	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2068	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Teaching	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
financial	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
management	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
juvenile	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
always	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
topic	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
debate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2069	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
feel	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
money	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
management	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
skill	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
teenage	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
students	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
will	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
help	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
them	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
realise	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
importance	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
money	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
while	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
few	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
feel	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
exposing	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
children	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
money	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
math	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
at	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
age	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
may	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
turn	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
fatal	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2070	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
my	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
view	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
to	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
higher	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
made	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
aware	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
management	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2071	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
why	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
think	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
teenage	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
understand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
basics	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
primarily	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
secondary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
attain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
undergoing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
graduation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
ought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
stay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
hostels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
situations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
management	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
taught	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
early	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
responsibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
confidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2072	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
while	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
kid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
expense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
log	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
month	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
asked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
track	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
pocket	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
expenses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
practice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
planning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
expenses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2073	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
management	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
taught	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
early	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
understanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
background	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
status	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
coming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
unrealistic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
whims	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
fancies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
minimized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2074	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
buying	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
gaming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
console	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
affluent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
background	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2075	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
for	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
coming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
middle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
buying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
gaming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
console	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2076	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
exposed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
level	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
prioritizing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
financial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
commitments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
efficiently	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2077	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
think	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
students	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
understanding	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
management	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
techniques	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
negative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
impact	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2078	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
,	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
should	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
be	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
in	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
a	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
constructive	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
manner	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
and	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
students	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
should	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
not	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
feel	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
that	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
they	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
are	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
being	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
bullied	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
for	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
every	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
expense	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
.	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 2079	Doc: essay153
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
permitted	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
restaurants	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2080	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Generally	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
speaking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
never	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
good	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
human	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
body	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2081	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
so	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
researches	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
done	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
prove	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
cigar	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
contains	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
harmful	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
ingredients	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
human	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
'	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
s	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
body	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2082	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
many	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
smokers	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
claim	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
they	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
need	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
smoke	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
order	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
work	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
effectively	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
or	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
think	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
creatively	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
those	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
never	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
proves	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
smoking	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
has	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
any	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
for	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
human	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
'	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
s	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
body	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2083	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
my	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
smoking	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
permitted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
especially	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
places	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
like	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
non	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
smokers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
breathe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
uncomfortably	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2084	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
restaurants	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
meals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2085	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
absolutely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
disturb	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
enjoying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
meals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2086	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
meals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
breathing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2087	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
restaurants	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2088	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
means	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
grandparents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
pregnant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
inside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2089	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
bad	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
example	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2090	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
imitate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
curiosity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
towards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2091	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
elders	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
especially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
hearts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
lungs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2092	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
dangerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
affected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
pregnant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
breathe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
contaminated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
disrupt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
growth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
babies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2093	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
not	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
least	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
passive	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
smokers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
risks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2094	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
active	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
smokers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
inhale	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
hazardous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2095	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Stroke	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
heart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
disorders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
hearing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
loss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
cancers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
attack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
passive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
smokers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2096	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
speaking	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
unfair	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
passive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
smokers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
risks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
active	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2097	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
smoking	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
permitted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
restaurants	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
disadvantaged	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2098	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
State	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
laws	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
that	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
prohibit	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
it	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
should	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
be	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
upheld	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
so	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
restaurant	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
'	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
management	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
can	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
make	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
clear	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
rule	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
in	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
their	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
restaurants	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
because	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
everyone	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
has	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
a	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
right	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
enjoy	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
their	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
meals	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2099	Doc: essay155
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Gossip	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2100	Doc: essay157
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2100	Doc: essay157
based	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2100	Doc: essay157
information	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2100	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
information	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
plays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
role	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2101	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
become	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
product	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
which	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
sold	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
bought	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
stolen	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2102	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
people	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
say	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
:	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
 information is power 	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2103	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
'	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
s	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
why	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
it	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
is	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
so	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
important	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
be	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
well	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
-	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
informed	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2104	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
consider	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
the	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
statement	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
above	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
to	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
be	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
right	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
for	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
several	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2105	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
first	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
is	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
by	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
using	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
sources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
guarantee	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
its	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
reliability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2106	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
disinform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
purpose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
why	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
unwise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
conclusions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
confident	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2107	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
Russian	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
announced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
war	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
Osetia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
Georgia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
initiated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
Georgia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
however	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
european	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
announced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
initiated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
Russia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2108	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
clear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
already	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
condemned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
actions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
Russia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2109	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
facts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
events	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
estimations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
because	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
conclusion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
estimate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2110	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Sometimes	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
it	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
can	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
really	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
difficult	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
find	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
out	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
facts	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
especially	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
in	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
the	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
internet	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
'	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
s	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
why	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
you	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
look	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
sources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
before	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
manage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
reliable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
facts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2111	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
because	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
opinion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
source	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
actually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2112	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
several	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
Moscow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
salt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
two	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
week	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
soon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
salt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
shops	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2113	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
gossip	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
dramatically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
influenced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
prices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
official	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
announcement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
 salt - panic 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2114	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
want	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
to	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
say	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
very	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
confident	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
information	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
you	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
use	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
especially	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
when	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
your	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
conclusion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
decision	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
may	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
influence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2115	Doc: essay157
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Old	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2116	Doc: essay158
buildings	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2116	Doc: essay158
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2116	Doc: essay158
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2116	Doc: essay158
preserved	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2116	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
preservation	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
old	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
buildings	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
large	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
question	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
governments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
because	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
conflict	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
between	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
issues	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
housing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
protection	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
culture	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2117	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
all	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
old	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
building	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
contribute	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
sense	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
culture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
conserved	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2118	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
different	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
which	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
persuade	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
not	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
restore	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
old	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
buildings	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2119	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
rapid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
urbanization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
rural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
urban	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
centers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
look	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
question	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
preservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
pressing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2120	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
need	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
governments	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
construct	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
accommodation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
instead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
preserving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
old	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2121	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
preservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
components	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
historical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
values	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2122	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Old	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2123	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Tourist	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
decide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
discover	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2124	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
managers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
cities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
earn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
attraction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
provided	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
old	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
amount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
spent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
conservation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2125	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
preservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
conserve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2126	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Old	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
used	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
museums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
accommodation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
convenient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2127	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
Many	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
cities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
strategies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
city	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
contains	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
both	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
unique	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
modern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
beauty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
preservation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
finish	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
half	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2128	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Overall	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
both	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
those	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
view	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
have	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
strong	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
arguments	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
:	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
need	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
for	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
housing	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
or	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
expense	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
restoration	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
contrast	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
with	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
our	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
desire	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
to	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
conserve	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
culture	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
attract	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
tourism	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2129	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
think	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
we	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
restore	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
building	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
old	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
buildings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
process	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
outstanding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
feature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
areas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
contain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2130	Doc: essay158
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Leisure	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
activities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
Spend	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
free	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
time	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
outdoors	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
indoors	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2131	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
often	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
relax	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
by	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
joining	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
leisure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
activities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2132	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
spend	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
free	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
time	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
indoors	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2133	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
from	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
experience	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
myself	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
leisure	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
outdoors	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
feel	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
body	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
fit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2134	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
outdoor	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
enable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
me	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
socialize	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
natural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
beauty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2135	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
are	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
strong	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
advantages	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
to	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
spend	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
leisure	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
time	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
outdoors	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2136	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
benefit	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
is	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
doing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
outdoor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
soccer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
baseball	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2137	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
last	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
year	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
summer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
soccer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
baseball	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2138	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Playing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
baseball	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
provided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
upper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
hitting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
throwing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2139	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Soccer	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
kicking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
endurance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
90	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
minute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2140	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
belive	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
practicing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
greatly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2141	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Something	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
else	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
good	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
playing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
fit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
ultimately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
refreshed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2142	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
summer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
stronger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
endurance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2143	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Outdoor	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
improves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
gives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
me	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
chances	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
communicate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2144	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
ten	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
shy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
girl	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2145	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
mother	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
took	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
The	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
National	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
Camp	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2146	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
ate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
played	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2147	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
third	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
swimming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
friendly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
girl	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
came	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
greeted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
later	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
taught	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
swim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
effectively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2148	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
next	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
played	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
introduced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2149	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thanks	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
outdoor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
skiing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
climbing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
mountain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
since	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
The	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
National	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
Camp	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2150	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
hadn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
camping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
wouldn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2151	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
you	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
beautiful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
nature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
outdoor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
going	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
hiking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
sunbathing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
going	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
biking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2152	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
spare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
beautiful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
nature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2153	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Spending	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
outdoors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
breathe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
fresh	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
air	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
feel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
warm	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
sun	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
face	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
complete	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
peace	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
nature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
brings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2154	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
indoor	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
fun	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2155	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
doubt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
indoor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
book	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
joy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2156	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
fun	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
indoor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
advantage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
outweigh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
attractions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
coming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
outdoor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2157	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
all	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
,	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
people	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
are	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
people	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
and	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
we	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
have	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
our	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
own	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
propensity	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	N	SP: 28	Sentence: 2158	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Leisure	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
activities	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
are	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
one	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
of	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
them	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
and	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
myself	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
choose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
outdoor	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
activities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
leisure	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
.	O	O	Y	SP: 29	Sentence: 2159	Doc: essay161
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Attending	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
university	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
classes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
required	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
optional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2160	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Attending	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
classes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
activities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
students	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
do	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2161	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
class	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
only	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
source	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2162	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
learn	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
from	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
other	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
sources	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
such	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
experience	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
libraries	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
other	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2163	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
think	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
going	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
classes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
optional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
for	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
following	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2164	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
the	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
why	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
university	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
students	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
should	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
not	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
be	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
required	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
to	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
attend	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
class	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
sometimes	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
sources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
outside	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
class	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
room	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2165	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Student	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
library	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
topic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2166	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
example	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
close	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
department	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2167	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
She	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
learned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
quickly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
understood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
everything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2168	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
she	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
rarely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
confusing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
topic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2169	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
she	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
grade	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
graduation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2170	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
students	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
should	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
not	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
required	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
attend	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
classes	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
manage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
spending	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
classes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
benefit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
already	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
understand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
topic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
class	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2171	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
my	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
experience	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
biology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
classes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2172	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
already	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
studied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
biology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
topics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
attending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2173	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
a	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
result	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
biology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
Chemistry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
A	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
+	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
biology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
chemistry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2174	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
think	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2175	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
they	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
have	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
know	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
how	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
deal	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
with	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
effects	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
from	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
not	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
attending	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
classes	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2176	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
attending	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
classes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
required	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
anymore	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2177	Doc: essay165
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Small	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
town	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
vs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
Big	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
city	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
(	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
opportunities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
entertainment	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
job	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
places	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
)	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2178	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
few	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
years	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
will	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
finish	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
my	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
studying	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
will	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
decide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
live	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
small	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
town	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
big	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
city	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2179	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
am	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
eager	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
explore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
think	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
city	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2180	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Big	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
provides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2181	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
engineering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2182	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Electrical	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
engineering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
deals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
concerning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
electricity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
supply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2183	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
big	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
city	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
offer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
me	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
vacancies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
small	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
town	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2184	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
weekends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
metropolis	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2185	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
numerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
bars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
cafes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2186	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Multinational	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
national	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
cuisines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2187	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
am	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
fond	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
Italian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
Italian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2188	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
night	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
club	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
interesting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2189	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
listen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
drink	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2190	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Cultural	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
metropolis	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
entertaining	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2191	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
am	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
keen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
pleasure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
several	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
week	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
paintings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
sculptures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
artifacts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2192	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
special	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
dates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
offers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
exhibitions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
available	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
interested	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2193	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
'	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
s	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
more	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
cities	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
medical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
countryside	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2194	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
least	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
assure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2195	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
while	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
small	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
towns	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
picturesque	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
nature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
pure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
air	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
big	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
cities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
offer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
countless	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
amount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
entertainment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2196	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Considering	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
all	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
the	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
benefits	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
choose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
big	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
city	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2197	Doc: essay166
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Computers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2198	Doc: essay167
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2198	Doc: essay167
made	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2198	Doc: essay167
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2198	Doc: essay167
easier	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2198	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
advent	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
computer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
results	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
advantaged	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2199	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
advocate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
idea	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
computers	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
made	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
life	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
complex	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
stressful	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
support	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
idea	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
computers	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
made	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
life	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
easier	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
convenient	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2200	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
computers	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
brought	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
convenience	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
easiness	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
since	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
enabled	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
increased	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
qualities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
communication	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2201	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
computers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
internet	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
made	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2202	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Through	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
collect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
appropriate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
data	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
quickly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
store	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
disc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
needed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2203	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Search	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
engines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
google	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
yandex	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
features	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
relevant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
characteristics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
needed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
enable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
search	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
minutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2204	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Social	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
networks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
facebook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
twitter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
changed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
sources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
decreasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
monopolization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
governments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2205	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
search	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
sources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2206	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
globalized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
communications	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
faster	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
visual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
cheaper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2207	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
email	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
messages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
delivered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
minutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2208	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
convenient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
mile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
post	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
office	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
click	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
mouse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
convenience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
arm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
chair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
reach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2209	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Internet	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
msn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
skype	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
visual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2210	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
via	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
skype	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
communicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
interviews	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
employment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
enrolment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2211	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
result	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
communication	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
cheaper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
faster	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
visual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2212	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
computers	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
made	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
easier	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
convenient	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
in	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
ways	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
broadened	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
sources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
made	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
quick	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
improving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
communication	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
ways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2213	Doc: essay167
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Computers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
made	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
it	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
possible	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
office	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
workers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2214	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
think	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
working	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
home	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
brings	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
workers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
employees	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
too	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
much	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
convenience	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
but	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
i	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
don	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
t	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2215	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
best	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
conditions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
sometimes	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
likely	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
good	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
expectation	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2216	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Working	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
without	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
pressure	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
interaction	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
examples	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
for	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
these	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
disadvantages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2217	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Pressure	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2218	Doc: essay168
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2218	Doc: essay168
motivation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2218	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2218	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Each	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
office	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
rules	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
effectively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2219	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
directors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
manage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
employers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
deadline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
projects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2220	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Then	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
again	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
finish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
limit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2221	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Doing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
don	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
t	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
employees	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
attempt	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2222	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Computers	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
modems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
still	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
distract	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2223	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Facebook	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
Yahoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
entertaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
websites	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
however	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
reasons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
why	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
concentrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2224	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
dos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
office	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2225	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
condition	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
doing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
fall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
asleep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2226	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
a	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
result	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
project	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
done	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2227	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2228	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Interaction	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
been	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
workers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
offices	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2229	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Discussing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
debating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
Projects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
because	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
all	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
target	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
reached	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
thanks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2230	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
interaction	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
communicational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
relationships	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2231	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Interaction	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
factor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2232	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
disadvantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
if	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
workers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
home	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2233	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Mitigating	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
process	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
interaction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
pressure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
examine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2234	Doc: essay168
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Technological	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
progress	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
past	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
century	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
has	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
its	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
negative	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
effect	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2235	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
past	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
few	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
decades	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
were	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
remarkable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
achievements	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
fields	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
numbers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
beneficial	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
whole	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
individuals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
although	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
bringing	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
some	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
disadvantages	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
to	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
us	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2236	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
one	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
prompt	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
growth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
improvement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
standards	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2237	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Scientists	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
engineers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
invented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
novel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
tools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2238	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
internet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
businessmen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
handle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
plenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
international	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
trade	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
transactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2239	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
efficiently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
export	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
revenue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2240	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
advanced	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
enables	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
enhance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
level	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
standard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2241	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
improvement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
medical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
obvious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
expectancy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
significantly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
under	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2242	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Digital	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
allows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
interactive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
video	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
three	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
dimensional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
and	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
this	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
means	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2243	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
other	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
likely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
negative	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
effects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2244	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
utilize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
architecture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
construct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
buildings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
expand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
urban	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
fuel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
apply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
drilling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
extract	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
fossil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
oil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
regions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2245	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
pose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
threat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
ecology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2246	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Vehicle	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
technology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
enables	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
drive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
private	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
emission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
exhaust	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
gas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2247	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
although	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
technological	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
progress	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
causes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
corresponding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
provides	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2248	Doc: essay170
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
greater	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
proportion	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
budget	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
allotted	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
prevention	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
issues	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2249	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
concept	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
welfare	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
state	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
requires	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
governments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
provide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
sustainable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
healthcare	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
health	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2250	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
completely	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
with	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
idea	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
governments	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
devote	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
portion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
budgets	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
means	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
precautions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2251	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
first	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
reason	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
why	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
education	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
preventative	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
measures	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
receive	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
greater	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
budget	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
potential	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
improvements	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
health	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
system	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2252	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
decreasing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
hospitals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
healthcare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
centers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
managed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
effectively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
treatments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
current	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2253	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
society	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
educated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
became	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
aware	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
issues	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
so	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
precautions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
illnesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
trying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2254	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
second	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
reason	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
why	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
governments	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
should	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
allocate	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
more	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
budget	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
on	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
prevention	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
from	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
illness	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
and	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
providing	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
health	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
education	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
is	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
welfare	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
of	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
the	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
society	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2255	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
my	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
welfare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2256	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
government	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
role	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
providing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
means	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
lead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
its	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
how	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
prevent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
potential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
illness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
cause	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
misery	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2257	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
marketing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
campaign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
Ministry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
Health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
Turkey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
aimed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
youth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
quit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
adapted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
lifestyle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
campaign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2258	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
proportion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
budget	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
allotted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
prevention	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
issues	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
comparison	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
treatment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
due	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
achieve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
effective	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
system	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
level	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
being	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2259	Doc: essay171
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Zoos	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
no	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
useful	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
purpose	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2260	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
you	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
ever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
seen	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
real	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
bear	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
monkey	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
?	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2261	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
you	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
did	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
was	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
probably	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
at	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
zoo	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2262	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Zoos	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
big	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
outdoor	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
spaces	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
which	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
different	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
animal	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
species	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
kept	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
so	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
can	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
look	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
learn	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
admire	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
them	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2263	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
lot	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
of	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
think	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
have	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
no	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
use	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
or	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
provide	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
no	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
purpose	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2264	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
disagree	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
with	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
this	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
affirmation	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
I	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
zoos	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
provide	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
social	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
interaction	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
develop	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
qualities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
animal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
respect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
understanding	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2265	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2266	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
interact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
relax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
look	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
comment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
appearance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
laugh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
funny	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
customs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2267	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
couple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
decades	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
ago	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2268	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
spending	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
enjoyed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
every	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
member	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
little	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
grandparents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2269	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Animals	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
species	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
habitats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
schools	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2270	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
books	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
lectures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
visuals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2271	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
customs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
eat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
eat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
characteristics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
species	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2272	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
variations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
male	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
female	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
adult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2273	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
offers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
observe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
reactions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
situations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
weather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
specie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
genre	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
interaction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
defense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
protection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
babies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2274	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
identify	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
dangerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2275	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Visiting	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
understand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2276	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
visit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
zoo	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
increasing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
someone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
respect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
appreciation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2277	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
appreciate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
seen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
learned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2278	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
interact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
pets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
cats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
dogs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2279	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
present	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2280	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
facts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
aware	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
importance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
deserve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2281	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
why	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
most	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
people	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
oppose	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
to	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
zoos	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
is	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
that	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
in	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
taken	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
clean	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2282	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
mostly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
relate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
purpose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2283	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
would	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
be	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
great	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
if	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
every	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
zoo	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
kept	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
the	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
animals	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
in	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
perfect	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
conditions	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
but	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
regardless	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
of	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
the	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
condition	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
,	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
zoos	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
very	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
useful	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2284	Doc: essay173
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Serious	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2285	Doc: essay174
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2285	Doc: essay174
entertaining	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2285	Doc: essay174
movies	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2285	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
serious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
simple	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
touching	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
powerful	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2286	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Here	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2287	Doc: essay174
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2287	Doc: essay174
my	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2287	Doc: essay174
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2287	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2287	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
most	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
serious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
wide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
variety	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
content	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2288	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Entertaining	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
created	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
amuse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2289	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
entertaining	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
empty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
nonsensical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2290	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Compared	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
film	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
film	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
worthwhile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
meaningful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2291	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Serious	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
designed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
thinking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
love	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
humaneness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
;	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
point	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
dark	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
sides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2292	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
not	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
all	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
of	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
serious	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
movies	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
are	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
boring	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2293	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
 Click 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
interesting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
comedy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
approach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
importance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
balanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
businesses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2294	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
humorous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
satiric	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
reminds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
families	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2295	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
hidden	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
meanings	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
serious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
usually	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
beyond	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
words	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
images	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
ourselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2296	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
dark	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
sides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2297	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
 Blood diamond 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
adaptation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
story	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
South	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
Africa	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
focuses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
link	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
diamonds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
conflict	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2298	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
lesson	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
jewels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
death	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2299	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Diamonds	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
rare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
sign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
love	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
indeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
hidden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
meaning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
diamond	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
cruel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
reality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2300	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
a	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
result	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
serious	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
movie	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
tell	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
how	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
see	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2301	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
the	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
above	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
see	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
serious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
make	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
deep	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
thoughts	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
toward	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
real	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2302	Doc: essay174
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Overemphasizing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
personal	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
lives	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
famous	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
by	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
media	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2303	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
a	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
mass	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
media	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
majoring	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
student	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
think	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
it	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
'	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
s	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
true	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
media	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
overemphasizing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
personal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
famous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
society	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2304	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
point	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
of	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
view	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
disadvantages	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
overemphasizing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
personal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
famous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
media	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
outweigh	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
its	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2305	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
include	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
following	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
:	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2306	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
no	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
media	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
event	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
recently	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
occurred	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
somewhere	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2307	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
essence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
coverage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
accurate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
based	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
gossip	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2308	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
journalism	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
changing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2309	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
reporters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
interested	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
gossip	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
relating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
paying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
attention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2310	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
of	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
all	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
gossip	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
involves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
misleading	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
images	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
purpose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
boosting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
newspaper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
sales	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
exciting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
opinion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2311	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
audience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
photos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
reports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
seems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
tell	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
story	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2312	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
unfair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
ridiculous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
coverage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
vexation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
reported	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2313	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
sensationalism	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
distract	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
viewers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2314	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
media	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
challenge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
media	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
executives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
content	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
attract	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
audience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2315	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
reports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
unimportant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
distorted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
stories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
solve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2316	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
other	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
words	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
yellow	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
journalism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
block	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
viewers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2317	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Based	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
on	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
above	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
discussion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
with	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
paying	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
too	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
attention	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
personal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
famous	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
may	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
serious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
problem	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2318	Doc: essay175
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Why	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2319	Doc: essay176
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2319	Doc: essay176
visit	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2319	Doc: essay176
museums	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2319	Doc: essay176
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2319	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
a	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
lover	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
of	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
travel	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
quintessence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
any	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
visit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
excellent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
museum	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
place	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
part	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
tour	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
which	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
can	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
be	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
explained	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
by	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
following	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2320	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Primary	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
history	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2321	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
year	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
Ellis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
Island	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
immigration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
symbol	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
American	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
immigration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
immigrant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
New	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
York	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2322	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Through	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
exhibit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
Statue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
Liberty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
symbolized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
freedom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
Ellis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
Island	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
immigration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
took	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
dreams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
fears	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2323	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
museums	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
history	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
customs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2324	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondary	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
visiting	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
known	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
broaden	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
horizon	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2325	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
outstanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
diverse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
range	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
objects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
classic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
magnificent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
guaranteed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
inspire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
!	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2326	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
National	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
Palace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
Museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
celebrated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
collection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
ancient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
Chinese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
artifacts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2327	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
astonishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
Jadeite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
cabbage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
artistic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
jade	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
vividly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
shown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2328	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
local	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
top	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
choice	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
destination	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
tourist	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
visit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2329	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Someone	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
trip	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
plans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
staying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
hotel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2330	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
a	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
result	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
visiting	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
saves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
precious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2331	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
important	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
of	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
all	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
local	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
represent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
typical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
visitors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
acquaint	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2332	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
above	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
if	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
chance	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
visit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
top	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
museums	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
must	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
stop	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
these	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
museums	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2333	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
During	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
our	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
trip	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
worthwhile	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
visit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
museum	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2334	Doc: essay176
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Study	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
at	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
home	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
by	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
using	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
technology	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
/	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
study	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
traditional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2335	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
don	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
t	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
think	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
technology	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
replace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
classroom	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2336	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Here	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2337	Doc: essay177
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2337	Doc: essay177
my	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2337	Doc: essay177
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2337	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2337	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Studying	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
using	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
convenient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2338	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
biggest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
advantage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
classroom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
instructor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
available	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
24	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2339	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
schedule	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
completing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
requirements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2340	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2341	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
aren	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
dedicated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
management	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2342	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
attending	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
requires	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
persistence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
patience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2343	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Especially	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
instructor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
guide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
sure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
requirements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2344	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
raise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
questions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
understanding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
specific	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
topics	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
subjects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2345	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
predicament	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2346	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
studying	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2347	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unlike	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
traditional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
classes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
distance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
courses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
classroom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
surrounded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
classmates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2348	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
hard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
kept	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
under	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
supervision	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2349	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
type	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
gets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
distracted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
distance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
program	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2350	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
traditional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
socialization	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
establishes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
relationship	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
classmates	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2351	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
;	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
however	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
our	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
computers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
televisions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
teach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
along	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2352	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
example	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
cooperate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
classmates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
teamwork	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2353	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Studying	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
deprive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2354	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
above	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
distance	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
t	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
replace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
traditional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2355	Doc: essay177
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
believe	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
it	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
idea	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
build	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
large	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
shopping	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
center	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
our	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
community	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2356	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
idea	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
build	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
large	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
center	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
community	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2357	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
following	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
my	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2358	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
first	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
place	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
establishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
center	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
residents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
convenient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2359	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Here	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
a	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
positive	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
example	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
:	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
Queens	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
Center	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
Mall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
mall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
located	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
Queens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
borough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
New	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
York	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
City	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
provides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
wide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
vairtey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
stores	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
clothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
electronics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
consumers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2360	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
widely	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
thought	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
productive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
malls	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
New	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
York	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2361	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
found	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
virtually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
brand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
store	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
Macy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
JCPenney	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
visited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2362	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
far	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
as	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
I	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
am	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
large	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
mall	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
provides	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
location	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
residents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
pursue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
during	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
leisure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2363	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
provides	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
shop	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
offer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2364	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
vacancies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
opening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
stores	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
mall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2365	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
looking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2366	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
retirees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
whiling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
earning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2367	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
likely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
buy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
goods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
lower	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
price	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
center	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
save	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
hand	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2368	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
center	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
existing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
stores	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
attract	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
customers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2369	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Accordingly	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
sales	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
promotion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
consumers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
compare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
price	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
merchandise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2370	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
residents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
spending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
commute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
hope	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
setting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
center	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
near	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
homes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2371	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
the	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
above	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
-	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
advocate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
building	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
big	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
shopping	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
center	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
neighborhood	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
beneficial	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
community	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2372	Doc: essay178
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
very	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
important	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
skill	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
person	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
learn	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2373	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
think	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
struggle	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
means	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
may	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
encounter	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
numerous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
difficulties	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
during	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
lives	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2374	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Accordingly	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
stress	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
management	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
how	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
survive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
unbearable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
stress	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
skill	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2375	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Here	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2376	Doc: essay179
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2376	Doc: essay179
my	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2376	Doc: essay179
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2376	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2376	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Stress	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
responding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
demand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2377	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Stress	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
positive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
mobilization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
drive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2378	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
widely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
comes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
across	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
unexpectedly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
frustrates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
goals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2379	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
result	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
don	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
t	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
skill	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
lead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
critical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2380	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
frenetic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
paced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
common	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
predicament	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
senior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
depressed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
caused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
exam	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
overload	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2381	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
regard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
overcomes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
obstacles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
motivate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
;	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
other	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
charge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
thoughts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
emotions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2382	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
stress	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
recently	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
becomes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
significant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
issue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
realization	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2383	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
stress	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
takes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
toll	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2384	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
frequently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
hassles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
frustrations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
demands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2385	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
reasons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
why	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
overwhelmed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
constant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2386	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
insomnia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
headaches	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2387	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Melancholia	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
fatal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
commit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
suicide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2388	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
necessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
reduce	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
cope	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
stress	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
goal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
balancing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
body	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2389	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
avoid	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
being	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
pessimist	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
we	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
may	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
try	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
conquer	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
our	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
distress	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
by	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
sharing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
our	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
worry	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
with	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
friends	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
or	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
families	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
doing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
exercise	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
regularly	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
trying	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
see	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
our	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
troubles	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
a	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
different	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
way	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2390	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
the	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
above	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
I	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
stress	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
management	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
essential	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
skill	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
everyone	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
learn	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
find	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
solve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
stress	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2391	Doc: essay179
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Establishing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
new	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
university	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
community	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2392	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
happy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
hear	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
government	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
plan	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
build	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
community	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2393	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
setting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
opportunities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
community	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
pursue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
creation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2394	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
they	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
come	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
together	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
with	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
disadvantages	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
such	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
as	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
social	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
problems	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2395	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
allow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
community	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2396	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
suppose	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
faraway	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
single	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
leave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2397	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
travel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
across	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
distant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2398	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
proposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2399	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Undoubtedly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
hire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
professors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2400	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
vacant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
positions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
filled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2401	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2402	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
goods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2403	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
stimulate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
local	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
economy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2404	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
building	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
lead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2405	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
communities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2406	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
congregate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
kinds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
follow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2407	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Traffic	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2408	Doc: essay181
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2408	Doc: essay181
worsen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2408	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2408	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
wastes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
managed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2409	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Maybe	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2410	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
impair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2411	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
myself	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
agree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
plan	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
build	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2412	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
benefit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
outweigh	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
cost	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2413	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
,	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
it	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
would	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
be	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
indispensable	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
that	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
the	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
government	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
conduct	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
a	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
survey	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
about	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
the	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
community	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
on	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
the	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
new	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
university	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
first	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
.	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2414	Doc: essay181
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2415	Doc: essay183
versus	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2415	Doc: essay183
Friends	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2415	Doc: essay183
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2415	Doc: essay183
family	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2415	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
all	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
know	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
provides	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
us	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
;	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
helps	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
relax	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
helps	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
keep	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
up	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
news	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
helps	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
broad	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
mind	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2416	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
you	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
ever	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
thought	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
television	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
destroyed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
communication	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
among	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
friends	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
family	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
?	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2417	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
personally	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
consider	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
fact	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
harmful	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
thing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
television	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
brought	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
upon	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2418	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
since	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
isolated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2419	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
attention	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
music	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
provided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
anything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
else	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
practicing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
exercise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
apart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2420	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Gradually	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
leave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
behind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
either	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2421	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
with	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
rapid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
change	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
standard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
three	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
four	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
common	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2422	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
communicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
room	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2423	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
a	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
consequence	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
behavior	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
see	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2424	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
function	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
parental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2425	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
this	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
way	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
communication	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
between	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
members	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
visibly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
destroyed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2426	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
but	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
not	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
least	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
watching	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
too	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
unconsciously	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
bad	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
behavior	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
sow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
division	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
among	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2427	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
watching	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
film	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
terrorist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
consider	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
terrorism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2428	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
happens	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
if	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
they	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
do	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
act	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
exactly	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
the	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
terrorist	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
in	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
Hollywood	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
movies	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
does	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
?	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2429	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
is	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
this	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
one	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
of	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
the	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
reason	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
cause	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
division	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
in	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
society	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
?	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2430	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
though	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
sides	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
destroyed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
communication	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
among	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
friends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
family	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2431	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
need	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
quickly	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
find	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
way	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
address	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
this	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
problem	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
as	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
soon	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
as	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
possible	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
first	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
concern	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
is	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
reducing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
violent	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
behaviors	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
that	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
children	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
learn	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
from	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
television	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2432	Doc: essay183
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Live	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
football	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
game	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
at	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
stadium	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2433	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
you	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
ever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
traveled	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
along	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
support	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
your	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
home	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
football	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
team	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
during	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
tournaments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
?	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2434	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
you	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
attended	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
at	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
stadium	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
watch	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
your	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
team	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
'	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
s	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
match	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
yell	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
even	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
cry	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
team	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
thousands	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
fans	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
there	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
?	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2435	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
you	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
have	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
a	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
great	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
love	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
football	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
and	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
your	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
home	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
team	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
gratifying	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
stay	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
side	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
side	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
cheer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
team	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
just	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
stay	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
home	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
watch	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
match	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
alone	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2436	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
attending	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
football	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
match	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
fulfilling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2437	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Before	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
starts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
thousands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
fans	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
gathering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
outside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
flags	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
colorful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
outfits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
sound	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
trumpets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
rattles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
everywhere	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2438	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
kicks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
off	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
atmosphere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
inside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
exciting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2439	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
football	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
stars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
eyes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
sharing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
feelings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
40	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
000	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
excitement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2440	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Everybody	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
yells	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
sings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
bursted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
whenever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
goal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
scored	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2441	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
See	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
bored	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2442	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
watching	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
football	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
game	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
exceptional	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2443	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
 easy come , easy go 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
quickly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
forget	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2444	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
tickets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
little	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
but	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
value	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
game	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2445	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
cherish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2446	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
exclusive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2447	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
crucial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
win	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
acclaim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
trophy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
 on site 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
witness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
celebrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
victory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2448	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
watch	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
football	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
match	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
comfortable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
pleasing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
but	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
watching	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
match	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
at	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
stadium	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
enjoyable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2449	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
unforgettable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
moments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2450	Doc: essay184
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Fossil	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
fuels	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
will	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
soon	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
replaced	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2451	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
renewable	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
resources	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
of	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
energy	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
are	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
elements	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
of	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
current	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
and	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
future	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
energy	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
strategy	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
as	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
far	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
as	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
'	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
m	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
these	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
new	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
forms	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
energy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
cannot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
soon	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
replace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
fossil	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
fuels	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
gases	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
oil	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
coal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2452	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
due	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
limitation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
resources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
relatively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
expensive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2453	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Researches	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
afford	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2454	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
the	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
other	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
fossil	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
fuels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
abundant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
inexpensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2455	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
estimated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
China	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
largest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
deposit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
coal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
invest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
forms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
say	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
solar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
batteries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
wind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
farms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2456	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
plan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
challenges	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
afford	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
reforming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2457	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
although	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
utility	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
claim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
environmentally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
friendly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
;	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
these	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
forms	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
clean	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
green	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2458	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Latest	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
shown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
problematic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
pose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
term	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
environmental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
hazards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2459	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
dams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
built	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
hydroelectricity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
influence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
flows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
rivers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
sometimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
drought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
dams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2460	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
damages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
habitats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
valuable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
fish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
wading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
birds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2461	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
accumulation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
heavy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
metal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
silt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
bottom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
rivers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
behind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
dams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
difficult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
clean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
leaving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
following	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
generations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2462	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
renewable	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
reliable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2463	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
contemporarily	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
fossil	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
fuels	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
cause	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
serious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
environmental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
conundrums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
acid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
rain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
deduction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
ozone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
layer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
global	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
warming	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
;	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
solved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
improving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
efficiency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
mechanism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
reducing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
emissions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2464	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
example	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
chemicals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
desulfurize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
emissions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
plants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
vehicles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
acid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
rain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2465	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
improving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
methods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
cheaper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
simpler	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
tech	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
energy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2466	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
solutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
fossil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
fuels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
seem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
sustainable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2467	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
as	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
promising	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
as	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
renewable	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
resources	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
of	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
energy	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
sound	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
no	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
forms	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
energy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
replace	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
fossil	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
fuels	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
soon	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2468	Doc: essay185
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Farmland	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
housing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
industry	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
saving	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
land	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
animals	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2469	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
there	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
prevailing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
human	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
needs	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
farmland	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
housing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
industry	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
saving	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
land	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
endangered	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
animals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2470	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
who	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
disagree	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
point	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
dispute	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
decreasing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
land	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
endangered	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
animals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
will	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
bring	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
damage	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
ecological	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
balance	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2471	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
far	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
as	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
am	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
human	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
needs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
farmland	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
housing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
industry	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2472	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
based	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
on	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
following	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
aspects	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2473	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
land	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
farmland	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
housing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
benefit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2474	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
no	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
deny	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
estate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
particularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
pillar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
national	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
produce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
plenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
profits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2475	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
more	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
stable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
harmony	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
farmland	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2476	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
widely	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
acknowledged	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
more	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
farmlands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
industries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
decrease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
unemployment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
crime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2477	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
needs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
farmland	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
housing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2478	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
farmland	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
housing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
satisfy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
desire	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
human	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2479	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
clearly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
understood	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
farming	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
housing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
eat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
clothes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
wear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
essential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2480	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Especially	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
poor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
survival	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
significant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2481	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
highly	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
allow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2482	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
want	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
to	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
mention	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
is	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
even	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
though	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
farmland	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
housing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
occupy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
land	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
endangered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
protect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
endangered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2483	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
According	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
to	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
discuss	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
above	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
agriculture	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
contribution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2484	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
the	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
economy	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
development	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
methods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
endangered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2485	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
instant	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
invent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
technique	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
endangered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
produce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
offspring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
sure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
distinct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2486	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
in	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
all	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
protecting	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
endangered	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
necessary	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
human	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
needs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
farmland	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
housing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
industry	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2487	Doc: essay186
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Physical	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
exercise	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
required	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
part	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
every	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
day	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2488	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
some	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
people	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
students	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
should	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
spend	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
whole	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
day	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
on	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
academic	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
studies	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
physical	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
crucial	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
part	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
every	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
day	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2489	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Exercise	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
having	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
body	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2490	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
including	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
daily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
routine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
teach	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
importance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
early	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
age	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2491	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Physical	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
grow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
physically	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
healthier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2492	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
studies	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
have	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
shown	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
obesity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
year	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
beneficial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
break	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
sitting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
several	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2493	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
exercise	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
exposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
illness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
related	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
cardiovascular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
higher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
blood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
cholesterol	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2494	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Daily	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
develop	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
brain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
function	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2495	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
regularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2496	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
respiratory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
function	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
enhanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
helping	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
organs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
brain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
oxygen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2497	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Daily	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
mental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
break	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
boost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
learners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2498	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
daily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
exercise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
routine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
early	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
age	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
teach	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
value	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
having	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
every	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
day	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
routine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2499	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
bombarded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
lectures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
nutrition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
however	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
beneficed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
practice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2500	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
stick	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
routine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
physical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
habit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2501	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Including	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
physical	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
activity	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
day	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
strongly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
considered	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2502	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
meliorate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
mental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
body	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
establish	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
habit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
giving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
opportunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
measure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
worth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
including	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
activity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
daily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
schedules	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2503	Doc: essay188
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
you	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
think	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
it	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
teenagers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
while	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
schooling	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2504	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
my	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
idea	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
teenagers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
while	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
still	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2505	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
many	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
argue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
but	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
think	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
interfere	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
various	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2506	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2507	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
divert	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
away	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
childhood	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
phase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2508	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
competitive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
himself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2509	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
grades	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2510	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
involved	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
himself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
rest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
then	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
cause	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
extra	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
burden	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2511	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
jobs	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
various	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
responsibilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
attendance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
sometimes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
extra	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2512	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
tension	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
tiredness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2513	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
won	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
relaxation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
sleep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2514	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
would	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
mental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2515	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
jobs	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
divert	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2516	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
earning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
earlier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
attracted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
towards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2517	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
independent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
prefer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2518	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
affect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
loose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
interest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2519	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
drop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2520	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
to	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
this	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
drawback	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
teenagers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
miss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
fun	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
childhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2521	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
miss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
various	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
childhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
hang	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
clubs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
fun	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
interaction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2522	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
childhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
phase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
return	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2523	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
possible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2524	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
for	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
teenager	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
pay	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
attention	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
studies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2525	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
divert	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
away	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
phase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2526	Doc: essay189
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
serve	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
any	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
useful	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
function	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2527	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
quite	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
common	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
hobby	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
children	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
usually	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
spend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
free	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
time	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2528	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Zoos	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
been	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
established	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
ages	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
all	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
over	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
world	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
become	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
interesting	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
places	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
entertainment	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2529	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Over	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
time	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
there	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
lot	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
arguments	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
concerning	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
whether	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
helpful	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
serving	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
or	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
they	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
just	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
kinds	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
bad	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
treatments	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
animals	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2530	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
people	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
spot	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
out	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
humanities	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
benefit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2531	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
zoos	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
fascinating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2532	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
this	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
point	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
they	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
all	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
think	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
nature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
wildness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
brought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
spending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
forget	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2533	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
function	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
all	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
serve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
relates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2534	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
witnessing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
researching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2535	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
reservation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
sites	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
extinct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2536	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
other	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
there	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
are	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
however	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
people	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
who	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
think	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
that	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
zoos	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
away	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
freedom	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2537	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
confined	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
nature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
wildness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
upset	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
discontented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2538	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
their	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
zoos	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
prisons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
cruel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
prisons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2539	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
my	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
point	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
view	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
I	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
agree	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
with	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
first	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
group	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2540	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
zoos	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
become	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
even	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
serving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
places	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
study	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
enjoy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
nature	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
while	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
lot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
natural	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
destruction	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
made	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
build	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
towers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
skyscrapers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2541	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
recently	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
zookeepers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
tried	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
feel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
comfortable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
making	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
artificial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
landscapes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
familiar	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
nature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
taking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
both	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
feeding	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
sanity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2542	Doc: essay190
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Studying	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
alone	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
group	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2543	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
found	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
chance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
studying	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
group	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
my	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
classmates	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
wished	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
I	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
go	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
back	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
time	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
took	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
all	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
my	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
exams	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
again	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2544	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
personally	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
studying	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
due	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
these	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
noticeable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
features	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
getting	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
improving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
attitude	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
managing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
effective	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2545	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
pupils	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
member	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
same	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2546	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
understanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
complicated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
aspect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2547	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
faces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
complex	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
math	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
share	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
opinions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
solve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2548	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
such	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
remarkable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
effect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
incorporation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
weak	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
points	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2549	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Increasing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
motivation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
competence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
spirit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
another	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
benefit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2550	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
encourages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
harder	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2551	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
pupils	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
tangible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
competence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
highest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
grade	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2552	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Clearly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
better	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
noticeable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
competences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
encouragements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2553	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
schedule	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
effective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
manner	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2554	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Group	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
causes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
internal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
obligation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
manage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
inasmuch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2555	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
time	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
another	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
brilliant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
benefit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2556	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
strongly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
studying	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
friends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
because	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
some	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
opportunities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
gaining	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
activity	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2557	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
receive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
improving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
managing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
another	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
achievements	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
studying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2558	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Now	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
it	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
is	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
time	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
start	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
without	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
any	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
regret	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
from	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
my	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
previous	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
exams	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2559	Doc: essay191
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
animals	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
free	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
live	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2560	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
state	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
zoos	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
great	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
asset	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
animals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2561	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
believe	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
inferior	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
creatures	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
therefore	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
do	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
deserve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
our	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
attention	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2562	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
we	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
must	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
help	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
animals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
safely	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
comfortably	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
environment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2563	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
scientific	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
studies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
revealed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
detriment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
zoos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
caused	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2564	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
like	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
beings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
delivered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
genetic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
instincts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2565	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Skills	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
which	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
help	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
them	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
live	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
and	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
survive	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
in	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
their	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
residing	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
areas	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2566	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
captivate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
style	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
unfamiliar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
begin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
loose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
born	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
instincts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2567	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
released	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
worst	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
case	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
escape	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
act	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
disorientated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
contributes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
animal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
mortality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2568	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
previous	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
point	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
various	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
zoos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
proper	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
implements	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
policies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
assure	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
animal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2569	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
instance	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
I	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
recall	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
my	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
first	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
trip	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
to	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
a	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
zoo	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
at	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
age	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
eight	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2570	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
shocked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
cruelty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
treated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2571	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
staff	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
memeber	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
improper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
behaviour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
towards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
animlas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
zoo	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2572	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
beat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
wanted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
eat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
meals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
excused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
saying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
train	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2573	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
we	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
assit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
animals	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
provide	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
them	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
quality	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
possible	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2574	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Scientific	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
facts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
showed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
damage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
zoos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
inflict	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
animals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2575	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
many	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
zoos	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
meet	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
standards	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
required	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2576	Doc: essay194
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
university	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
plans	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
devlope	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
new	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
research	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
centre	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
country	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2577	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
universities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
seek	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
develop	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
research	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
some	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
countries	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2578	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
researches	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
aimed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
several	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
fields	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
such	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
business	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
agriculture	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2579	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
plans	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
develop	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
country	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
choose	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
between	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
establishing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
centre	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
business	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
centre	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
opt	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
second	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2580	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
land	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
useful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2581	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
lands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
left	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
treatment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2582	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
co	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
citizens	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
exploit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
land	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2583	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
solve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
issues	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
related	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
land	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2584	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Especially	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2585	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
economy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
country	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
improve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2586	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
thirty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
percent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2587	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
raise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2588	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
example	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
dates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
product	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2589	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
quality	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
product	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
treat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
Palme	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
maybe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
treat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
land	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
palms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2590	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
business	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
first	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
create	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2591	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Obviously	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
showing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
exploit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
land	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
push	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
rather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2592	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
people	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
think	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
centre	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
business	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
because	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
parallel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
advanced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
countries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
focused	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2593	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
me	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
developed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
mean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
focus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
level	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
satisfaction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
realize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2594	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
country	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
focus	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
establishing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
centers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
field	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
some	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
very	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
consequences	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
agriculture	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
economy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
employment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2595	Doc: essay195
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
learn	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
different	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
ways	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
what	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
method	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
you	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2596	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
lot	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
things	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
learn	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
lives	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2597	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
use	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
several	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
ways	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
broaden	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
skills	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2598	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
these	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
several	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
doing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
my	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
self	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
reading	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
learning	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
listening	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
talking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2599	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
a	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
lot	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
of	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
recommend	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
method	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
for	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
who	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
is	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
serious	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
about	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
learning	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
some	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
thing	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
in	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
their	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
lives	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2600	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
learning	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
develops	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
maturity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2601	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2602	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
refer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
books	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
persons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2603	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
fact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
ourselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
strong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
maturity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2604	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
wants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
leader	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
leading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2605	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
leaders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
books	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
talking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
leading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2606	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
learning	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
exciting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
reading	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
listening	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
talking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2607	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
learnt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2608	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Reading	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
talking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
rarely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
submit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
sensation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
excitement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
wants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2609	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
swim	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
beach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
swimpool	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
laid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
swimming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2610	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nor	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
teach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
swimming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2611	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
makes	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
learning	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
by	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
doing	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
things	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
more	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
advantageous	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
than	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
learning	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
by	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
reading	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
about	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
things	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
or	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
listening	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
people	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
talking	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
about	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
is	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
motivation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
continuing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2612	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
Reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
talking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
boring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2613	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Learning	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
pleasure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
perfectly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2614	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
motivated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2615	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
history	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
shows	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
learning	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
doing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
method	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
learn	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2616	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
should	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
not	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
depend	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
only	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
on	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
reading	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
or	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
listening	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
people	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
talking	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
about	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
things	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
learn	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2617	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
should	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
try	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
and	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
keep	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
trying	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
until	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
they	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
learn	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
what	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
they	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
want	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
to	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
learn	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
.	O	O	N	SP: 23	Sentence: 2618	Doc: essay196
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Cheap	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
air	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
travel	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
encouraged	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2619	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
recent	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
years	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
airlines	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
offer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
customers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
number	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
cheap	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
flights	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2620	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
various	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
views	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
about	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
cheap	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
air	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
travel	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2621	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
arguments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
favour	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
trend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
should	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
be	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
encouraged	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
personally	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
cheap	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
flight	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
make	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
serious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
problem	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2622	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
is	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
undeniable	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
cheap	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
air	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
fares	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
broadened	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
travel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
possibilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
particularly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
lower	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
income	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2623	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
days	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
millions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
travel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
pleasure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2624	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
careers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
broad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
interact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
varied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
cultural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
backgrounds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2625	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
travels	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
promote	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
tourist	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
development	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
boost	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
economy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
markets	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
countries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2626	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
other	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
growing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
cheap	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
flights	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
really	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
negative	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
impact	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2627	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apparently	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
more	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
flights	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
mean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
bigger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
busier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
airport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
grown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
close	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2628	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
biggest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
concern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
effect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
warming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2629	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Burning	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
plane	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
fuel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
releases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
carbon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
dioxide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
Earth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
heat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2630	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
while	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
efforts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
reduce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
CO2	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
emissions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
done	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
reins	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
airlines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2631	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
would	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
drawbacks	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
cheap	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
air	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
fares	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
outweigh	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
benefits	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2632	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
it	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
does	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
not	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
mean	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
that	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
air	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
travel	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
should	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
be	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
more	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
expensive	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2633	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
,	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
people	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
should	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
be	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
aware	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
of	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
their	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
responsibility	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
to	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
reduce	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
the	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
emissions	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
caused	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
by	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
their	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
lifestyle	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
choices	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
.	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2634	Doc: essay197
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Improve	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2635	Doc: essay198
roads	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2635	Doc: essay198
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2635	Doc: essay198
public	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2635	Doc: essay198
transports	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2635	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
think	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
governments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
spend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
money	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
improving	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
roads	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
highways	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
while	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
others	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
say	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
would	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
better	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
spend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
money	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
public	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
transportation	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2636	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
governments	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
certainly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
system	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
because	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
deal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
rising	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
private	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
cars	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
creating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2637	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
using	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
reduces	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
amount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
resources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
using	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2638	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Cars	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
gasoline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
non	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
renewable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
resource	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2639	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
faster	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
gasoline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2640	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
the	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
contrary	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
efficiently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
gasoline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
consuming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
per	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
lower	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2641	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
reserve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
invaluable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
resource	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
gasoline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2642	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
public	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
helps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
solve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
air	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
pollution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
problems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2643	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Averagely	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
public	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
transports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
gasoline	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
carry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
private	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2644	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
transports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
gas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
exhaust	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
pumped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
bear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
stuffy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
fumes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2645	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
but	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
not	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
least	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
using	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
safer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
private	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2646	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
According	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
National	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
Safety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
Council	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
riding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
bus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
170	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
safer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
private	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2647	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
governments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
hesitate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
invest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
safe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
economical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
transporting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2648	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
short	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
can	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
say	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
for	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
certain	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
spending	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
improving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
transportation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
necessary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
key	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
protect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
creating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
safe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2649	Doc: essay198
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
believe	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
that	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
being	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
harmed	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
by	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
human	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2650	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
human	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
activity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
making	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
better	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
place	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
live	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
damaging	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
debatable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2651	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
advocate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
idea	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
human	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
activity	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
advantageously	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
influencing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
Earth	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2652	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
human	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
activities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
having	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
bad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
effect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
upon	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
planet	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
human	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
polluting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
Earth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
exhausting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
natural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
resource	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
threatening	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
species	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2653	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
corrupting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
ecosphere	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2654	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
decades	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
concurrently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
consume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
discarded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
multiplies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2655	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
wastes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
including	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
household	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
waste	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
 new 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
continent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
formed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
sea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
garbage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2656	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
exhaust	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
gases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
adulterating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
causing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
insalubrious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
phenomenon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
acid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
rain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
global	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
warming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
climate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
change	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2657	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
draining	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
Earth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
natural	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2658	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
oil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
coal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
vital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
exploitation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
activities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
dramatically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
adapt	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
infinite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2659	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Researchers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
indicated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
un	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
recyclable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
several	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
decades	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
Earth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
totally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
exhausted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2660	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
seriously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
affected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
dependence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
resources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2661	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
endangering	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
species	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
live	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2662	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hunting	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
fundamental	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2663	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Through	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
million	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
hunting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
recent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
centuries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
innovation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
rifle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
dynamite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
killed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
animals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
kinds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
extinct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2664	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
suffering	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
expanding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
;	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
area	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
species	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
narrowed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2665	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
narrowing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
region	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
pushing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
creatures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
brink	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
extinction	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2666	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
in	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
all	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
from	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
discussed	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
we	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
can	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
that	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
human	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
activity	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
gradually	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
destroy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
Earth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
since	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
polluting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
Earth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
depleting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
resource	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
imperiling	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
species	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2667	Doc: essay200
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Luck	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2668	Doc: essay203
vs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2668	Doc: essay203
hard	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2668	Doc: essay203
work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2668	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
instances	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
luck	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
brought	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
things	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
never	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
could	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
even	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
imagine	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2669	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
see	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
rational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
believing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
reach	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
goals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2670	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
argument	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
hard	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
helps	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
him	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
reach	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
his	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
target	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2671	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
depend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
accomplishments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
taking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
risk	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2672	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Luck	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
intangible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
guarantee	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
ever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2673	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
doesn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
disappointment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2674	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
strive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
least	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
closer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
final	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
goal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2675	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
my	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
personal	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
experience	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
all	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
accomplishments	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
were	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
backed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
hard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
my	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2676	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
encounter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
disappointments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
missing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
goals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2677	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
if	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
you	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
believe	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
that	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
hard	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
work	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
is	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
the	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
key	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
to	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
success	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
it	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
would	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
make	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
you	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
a	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
visionary	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
person	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 2678	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
other	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
words	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
those	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
believe	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
hard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
clear	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
goals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
final	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
destination	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2679	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
carefully	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
organize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
achieving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
targets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
continue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
evaluate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
progress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
until	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
reach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
final	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
goal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2680	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
believe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
clueless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
heading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2681	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
example	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
mine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
severe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
constraints	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
habit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
buying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
lottery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
tickets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
thinking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
win	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
lottery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2682	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
illusion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
solve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
issues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
lottery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2683	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
up	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
appeared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
further	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
worsened	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2684	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thirdly	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
hard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
too	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
shine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
steps	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
further	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
ahead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
actual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
target	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2685	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
example	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
boss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
worked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
tirelessly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
promotion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2686	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
looked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
aspect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
needed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
qualify	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
promotion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2687	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
realized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
master	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
degree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
credential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
outperform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
competitors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2688	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
commitments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
somehow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
managed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
degree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
eligible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
apply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2689	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
end	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
promotion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
amidst	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
stiff	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
nominated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
foreign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
scholarship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
since	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
credentials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
officers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
capacity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2690	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
lucky	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
,	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
depending	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
luck	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
everything	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2691	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
strongly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
believe	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
hard	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
working	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
easily	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
disappoint	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
you	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
luck	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
sometimes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
does	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2692	Doc: essay203
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
required	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
attend	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
classes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2693	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
issue	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
hand	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
obligatory	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
students	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
attend	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
classes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2694	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
an	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
interesting	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
question	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
because	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
affects	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
great	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
amount	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
worldwide	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2695	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nonetheless	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
there	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
various	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
different	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
policies	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
regarding	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
topic	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2696	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
An	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
important	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
aspect	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
might	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
be	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
whether	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
one	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
desires	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
optimize	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
learned	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
or	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
amount	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
of	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
valuable	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
experiences	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
for	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
the	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
students	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2697	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
my	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
mind	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
students	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
free	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
attend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
classes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
because	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
improves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
motivation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
teaches	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2698	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
a	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
liberal	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
policy	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
very	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
feasible	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 7	Sentence: 2699	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Checking	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
for	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
attendance	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
requires	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
a	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
lot	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
of	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
bureaucracy	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2700	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Especially	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
for	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
larger	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
classes	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
it	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
impossible	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
check	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
for	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
everybody	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
to	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
attend	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 2701	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
an	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
optional	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
attendance	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
saves	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
time	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
and	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
money	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 10	Sentence: 2702	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
some	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
instance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
reading	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
textbook	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2703	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
occurs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
lecturer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
lethargic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2704	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
letting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
attend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
escape	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
teaching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2705	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
precious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
dive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
syllabus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
independently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2706	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
being	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
stay	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
away	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
classes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
improves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
flexibility	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
therefore	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
student	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2707	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Sometimes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
wild	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
party	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
Thursday	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
night	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
end	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
already	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
midnight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
lecture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
Friday	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
morning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2708	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
liberal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
policy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
postpone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
afternoon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
feeling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
freedom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
improves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
efficiency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2709	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Research	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
shown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
satisfied	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2710	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
psychology	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
knows	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
two	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
types	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
of	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
motivation	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 2711	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
intrinsic	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
motivation	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
which	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
comes	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
from	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
your	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
own	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
mindset	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2712	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
there	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
is	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
extrinsic	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
motivation	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
which	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
comes	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
from	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
the	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
praise	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
and	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
laud	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
of	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
other	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
people	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2713	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Intrinsic	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
motivation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
desirable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2714	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
gain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
intrinsic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
motivation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
aware	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
strengths	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
aims	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2715	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
giving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
freedom	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
choose	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
class	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
attendance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
rather	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
thinking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
why	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
decided	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
motivate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2716	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
crucial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
duration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 25	Sentence: 2717	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
,	O	O	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
clear	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
going	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
classes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
optional	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 26	Sentence: 2718	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
hold	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
belief	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
due	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
improvement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
current	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
valuable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
obtain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
whole	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
afterwards	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
.	O	O	Y	SP: 27	Sentence: 2719	Doc: essay205
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Living	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2720	Doc: essay206
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2720	Doc: essay206
smal	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2720	Doc: essay206
towns	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2720	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Place	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
living	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
significant	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
affect	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
lives	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
choose	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
according	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
several	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
factors	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2721	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
live	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
tall	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
buildings	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
crowded	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
areas	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
whereas	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
others	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
live	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
small	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
calm	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
town	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2722	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
small	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
town	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
and	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
small	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
town	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
weather	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
facilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2723	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
advantage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
healthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
obtain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
items	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2724	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
healthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
weather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
population	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
exist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2725	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
crowded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2726	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Living	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
sound	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
helps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
healthier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2727	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
materials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
healthier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
fresh	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
fruits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2728	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Regardless	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
of	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
some	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
exceptions	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
obvious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
small	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
towns	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
healthier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
big	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2729	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
another	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
small	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
towns	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
costs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2730	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Living	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
concerns	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
fewer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2731	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
houses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
landscapes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
because	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
crowded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
spaces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
facilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
services	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2732	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Transportation	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
traffic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
so	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2733	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
prefer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
small	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
town	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
and	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
think	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
advantages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
less	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
stress	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
because	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
weather	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
conditions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
relationship	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
within	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
town	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2734	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
on	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
depress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2735	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
it	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
is	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
an	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
obvious	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
town	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
friendship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
illness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2736	Doc: essay206
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Young	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2737	Doc: essay207
people	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2737	Doc: essay207
move	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2737	Doc: essay207
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2737	Doc: essay207
cities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2737	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
days	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
there	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
increasing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
numbers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
young	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
countryside	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
moving	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
cities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
search	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
educational	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
opportunities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2738	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
I	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
think	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
drawbacks	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
will	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
discussed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
essay	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
together	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
about	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2739	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
begin	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
major	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
cause	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
leads	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
urban	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
migration	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
young	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
adults	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
cities	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
offer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
paid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
chances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
compared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
rural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2740	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Obviously	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
locate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
hailed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
promising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
lands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2741	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
move	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
big	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
cities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
pursue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
academic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
career	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
find	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
jobs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
higher	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
standard	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2742	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
gradate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
stays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
leaving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
college	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
seeks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
salary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
returning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
village	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
farm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
perhaps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
house	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2743	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
this	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
phenomenon	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
sometimes	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
poses	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
several	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
negative	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
consequences	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 2744	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
can	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
be	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
no	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
doubt	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
that	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
burgeoning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
countryside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
flocking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
rise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
overpopulation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2745	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
a	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
result	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
cities	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
adequate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
space	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
thousands	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
dwellers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
might	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
lead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
poor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
housing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
conditions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
sanitation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2746	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Additionally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
strain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2747	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
cities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
large	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
numbers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
vehicles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
road	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
causes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
pollution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2748	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
young	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
tend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
study	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
urban	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
areas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
since	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
opportunities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
potentials	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2749	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
my	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
however	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
approve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
trend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
due	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
negative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
low	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
quality	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
affecting	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
environment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2750	Doc: essay207
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Basic	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
economic	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
class	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
can	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
help	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
touch	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
surface	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
this	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
field	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2751	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
community	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
economy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
becomes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
order	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
day	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2752	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Getting	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
know	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
theory	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
area	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
seems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
really	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
important	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
our	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
students	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2753	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Then	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
earlier	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
we	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
jump	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
into	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
area	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
more	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
skillful	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
we	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
will	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2754	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
in	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
my	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
point	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
view	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
although	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
high	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
school	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
take	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
course	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
basic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
economics	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2755	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Let	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
me	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
explain	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
it	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
in	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
detail	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 2756	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
primary	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
concern	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
sense	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
direction	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
academy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2757	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Basic	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
touch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
surface	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
let	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
mainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
discuss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2758	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
cultivate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
interest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
orientation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2759	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
harder	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
dreams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2760	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
other	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
economy	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
correlate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
politics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
students	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
specialized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
along	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
Politian	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
status	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
open	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
vision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
toward	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
nation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
textbooks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2761	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
intimate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
connection	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
enterprises	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
students	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
gain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
practical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
vivid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2762	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
basic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
economic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
course	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
go	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
college	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2763	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
readily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
efficiently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
deeply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2764	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
confidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
let	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
compatible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2765	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Considering	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
all	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
those	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
factors	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
above	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
suggest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
basic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
course	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
economic	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
necessary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2766	Doc: essay208
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
University	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2767	Doc: essay209
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2767	Doc: essay209
restriction	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2767	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Universtiy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
entrance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2768	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
equips	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
us	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
package	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
wisdom	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
virtue	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
succeed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2769	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
is	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
importance	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
university	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
raises	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
question	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
whether	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
students	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
with	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
best	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
scholastic	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
performance	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
deserve	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
university	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
study	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
or	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
just	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
any	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
young	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
wishful	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2770	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
sides	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
be	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
discussed	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
before	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
a	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
conclusion	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
is	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
reached	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2771	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
begin	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
with	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
outstanding	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
academic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
eligible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
due	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
intellectual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
advantage	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2772	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
be	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
precise	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
such	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
abstract	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
complicated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
informatin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
absorbed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
prove	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
matter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
equivalent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2773	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
undeniable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
deserves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
done	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2774	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
University	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
gift	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
presented	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
gone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
length	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
attain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2775	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
university	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
nurture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
artistic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
talent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
soft	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2776	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
grabs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
majority	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
young	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
wish	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
pursue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
passion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
well	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
develop	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
comprehensively	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2777	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
more	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
tendency	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
vices	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
rise	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
university	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
restricted	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2778	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Apart	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
disheartened	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
devoiding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
neccessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
preparations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
recipes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
failure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
applying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
mostly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
white	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
collar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2779	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
conclusion	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
university	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
restriction	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
has	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
both	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
pros	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
and	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
cons	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2780	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
my	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
yield	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
negative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
results	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
ones	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2781	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
'	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
s	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
why	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
made	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
available	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
wide	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
range	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
learners	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2782	Doc: essay209
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
greater	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
proportion	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
budget	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
allotted	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
prevention	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
issues	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2783	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
today	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
concept	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
welfare	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
state	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
requires	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
governments	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
provide	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
sustainable	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
healthcare	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
health	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
citizens	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2784	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
completely	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
with	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
the	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
idea	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
governments	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
devote	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
portion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
budgets	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
means	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
precautions	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2785	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
first	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
why	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
education	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
preventative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
measures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
receive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
greater	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
budget	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
improvements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2786	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
decreasing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
hospitals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
healthcare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
centers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
managed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
effectively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
treatments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
current	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
patients	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2787	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
society	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
educated	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
became	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
aware	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
issues	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
potential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
precautions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
illnesses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
taken	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
instead	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
trying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
treatment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
increasing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
number	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
patients	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2788	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
second	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
why	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
governments	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
allocate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
budget	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
prevention	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
illness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
providing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
welfare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2789	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
my	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
welfare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2790	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
government	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
role	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
providing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
lead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
citizens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
potential	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
illness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
misery	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2791	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
marketing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
campaign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
Ministry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
Health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
Turkey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
aimed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
problem	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
among	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
youth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
increased	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
quit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
adapted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
lifestyle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
campaign	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2792	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
proportion	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
budget	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
allotted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
prevention	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
issues	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
comparison	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
treatment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
due	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
achieve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
effective	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
health	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
system	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
greater	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
level	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
being	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2793	Doc: essay210
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Work	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2794	Doc: essay213
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2794	Doc: essay213
team	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2794	Doc: essay213
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2794	Doc: essay213
independently	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2794	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
world	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
getting	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
smaller	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
need	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
able	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
cooperate	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2795	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Working	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
team	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
skill	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
every	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
individual	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
must	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
master	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
success	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2796	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Despite	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
importance	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
working	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
in	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
team	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
still	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
capability	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
working	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
independly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
significant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2797	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
course	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
effective	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
cooperation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
faster	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
but	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
cases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2798	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
apperant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
tests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
allow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2799	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Let	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
imagine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
perform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
discuss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
problems	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
standardized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
tests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
SAT	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
TOEFL	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
nightmares	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2800	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Testing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
aspect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
majority	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
tests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
allow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2801	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
brilliant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
achievements	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
going	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
college	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
acing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
school	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
final	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
tests	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
consider	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2802	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
ability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
alone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
increase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
ability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2803	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Working	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
mean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2804	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Everybody	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
opinion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
discuss	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2805	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
individually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
because	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
our	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
brain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
connected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
separate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2806	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
effective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2807	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
conclusion	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
working	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
with	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
a	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
group	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
a	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
people	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
and	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
working	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
individually	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
are	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
all	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
important	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2808	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
skills	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
are	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
necessary	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
for	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
a	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
successful	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
life	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	N	SP: 16	Sentence: 2809	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
capablity	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
working	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
alone	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
foundation	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
skill	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
team	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
plays	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
significant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
role	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
lot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
situations	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2810	Doc: essay213
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
promitted	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
restaurants	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
other	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
public	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
places	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2811	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Smoking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
brings	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
person	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
great	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
enjoyment	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
relief	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2812	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
one	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
should	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
encouraged	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
smoke	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
cost	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
other	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
'	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
s	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
health	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2813	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
this	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
case	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
advocate	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
idea	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
smoking	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
prohibited	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
restaurants	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
places	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
support	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
states	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
laws	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
ban	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
damages	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
imposes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
potential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
threat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2814	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
although	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
strong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
assert	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
prohibited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
everywhere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
considered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
ignorance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2815	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
is	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
generally	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
believed	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
that	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
second	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
comes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
mouth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
puts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
greater	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
threat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
surrounding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
himself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2816	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
unconsciously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
under	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
attacked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2817	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
is	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
because	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
burned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
substance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
cigarette	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
deteriorate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
respiratory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
inhales	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2818	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
restaurants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
strictly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
banned	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
because	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
polluted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
threatens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
customer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2819	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
even	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
though	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
some	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
customers	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
do	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
not	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
worry	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
about	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
threat	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
second	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
-	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
smoke	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
imposes	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
on	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
them	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
disgusting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
smoke	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
severely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
appetite	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
words	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
spoil	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
meals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
unpleasant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2820	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
exhaled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
uncomfortable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
disgusted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
affecting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
mood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
meals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2821	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
indirectly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
decrease	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
popularity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
fewer	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
willing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
consume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
unpleasant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2822	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
does	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
himself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2823	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
does	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
aggravate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
respiratory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
damages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
image	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
reputation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2824	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
especially	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
popular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
political	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
figure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
entertainmening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
celebrity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
smoking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
restaurants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
impolite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2825	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
this	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
point	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
believe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
lacks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
basic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
civility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
encouraged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
leader	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2826	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
conclude	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
smoking	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
harmful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
disrespectable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
behavior	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2827	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
spoils	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
smoker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
reputation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
threats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2828	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
unwise	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
smoke	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
restaurant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
other	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
public	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
places	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
relevant	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
state	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
laws	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
codified	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
strictly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
prohibit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2829	Doc: essay214
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
hobbies	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
physical	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
activities	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2830	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
not	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
should	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
hobbies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
do	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
physical	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
activities	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
been	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
controversial	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
question	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2831	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
ideas	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2832	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
think	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
we	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
focus	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
on	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
our	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
but	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
don	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
'	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
t	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
agree	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
with	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
them	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2833	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Having	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
doing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
physical	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
activities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
bring	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
lot	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
benefits	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2834	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
keep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
fit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2835	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Looking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
screen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
daze	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
so	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
doing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
sport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
prevent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
becoming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
fat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
sighted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2836	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
neighbor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
Tom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
once	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
engineer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2837	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
ate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
everyday	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
went	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
exercise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2838	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
fat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
girlfriend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
loose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
weight	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2839	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
jog	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
morning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2840	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
moth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
thinner	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
finds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
girlfriend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2841	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
doing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
boring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
having	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
sports	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
refresh	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
mind	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2842	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
example	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
at	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
breaks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
relax	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
minutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
next	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
class	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2843	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Humans	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
robots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
;	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
twenty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
four	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2844	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Doing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
recharge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
batteries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2845	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
develop	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
least	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
personal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
hobby	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
show	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
off	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
express	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
emotion	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
feel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
depressed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
pressured	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2846	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Playing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
musical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
instrument	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
classical	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
guitar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2847	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
meet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
guitar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
song	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
Green	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
Sleeves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2848	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
gives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
confidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2849	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
times	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
develop	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
personal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
but	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
doing	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
healthy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
refreshed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
release	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
sadness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2850	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
I	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
think	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
hobbies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
physical	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
activities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
different	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
from	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2851	Doc: essay215
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Government	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
regard	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
investing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
building	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
roads	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
as	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
most	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
important	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2852	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
population	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
explosion	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
results	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
high	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
demands	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
transportation	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2853	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
countries	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
have	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
suffered	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
from	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
pollution	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
noisy	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
casualty	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
long	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
time	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2854	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
perspective	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
possible	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
solution	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
these	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
problems	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
improving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
roads	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
highways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
three	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
crucial	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2855	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
and	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
upgrading	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
surely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
aggravate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
pollution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2856	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
buses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
trains	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
regularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
emit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
noxious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
gas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
causes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
fatal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
lung	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
cancer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
pneumonia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2857	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
sound	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
emanates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
engines	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
worsen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
hearing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2858	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
happening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2859	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
buses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
attributed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
cause	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
skyrocketing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2860	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Each	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
year	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
Vietnam	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
approximately	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
twelve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
thousand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
die	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
equivalent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
death	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
toll	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
tsunami	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
Japan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2861	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
investing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
highways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
broaden	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
area	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
allow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
public	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
transportation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
work	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2862	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
buses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
vehicles	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
move	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2863	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
leave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
everybody	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
rushes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
hastily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
goes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2864	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
troublesome	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
escape	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
crowd	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2865	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
enlarged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
hardly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
collisions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2866	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
but	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
not	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
least	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
spending	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
renovating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
highways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
improve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
quality	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2867	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
afraid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
moving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
rough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
roads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
portholes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2868	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
conditions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
terrible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
several	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
worried	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2869	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
accuse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
drivers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
causing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
accidents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
because	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
responsibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
belongs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
authorities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2870	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
smooth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
surface	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
movement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
safer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
easier	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2871	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
a	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
nutshell	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
advantages	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
upgrading	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
roads	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
which	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
mentioned	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
above	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
totally	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
convincing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
indispensable	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2872	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
am	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
usually	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
inclined	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
this	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
idea	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
and	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
I	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
hope	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
that	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
government	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
will	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
regard	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
investment	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
in	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
building	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
roads	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
as	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
the	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
most	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
important	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
thing	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 2873	Doc: essay216
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
best	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
way	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
learning	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2874	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
full	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
challenges	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
difficulties	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
unexpected	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
obstacles	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2875	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
learning	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
about	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
life	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
which	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
useful	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
foreseeing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
problems	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
assertive	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
enough	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
overcome	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
needed	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2876	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Two	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
main	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
ways	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
learning	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
about	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
life	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
listening	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
advice	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
family	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
friends	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
learning	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
through	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
personal	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
experience	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2877	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Both	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
ways	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
good	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
follow	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
because	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
they	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
all	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
have	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
their	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
own	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
distinct	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
advantages	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2878	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
one	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
listening	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
advice	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
realistic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
latter	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2879	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Family	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
experienced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
proper	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
sincere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
guidance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
aspect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2880	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
generation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
ability	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
tell	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
suitable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2881	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
listening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
advice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
unexpected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2882	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
other	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
finding	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
out	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
personal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
independent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
mature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2883	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
one	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
thing	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
grate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
missed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2884	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
skydiving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
dangerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2885	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
fail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
wonderful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
fall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
freely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2886	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
family	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
accidentally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
harm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
giving	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
advice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2887	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
You	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
grow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
dependent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
reliant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2888	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
contrast	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
free	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
desire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
notice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
success	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2889	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
According	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
myself	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
both	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
ways	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
are	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
good	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
but	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
I	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
prefer	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
the	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
latter	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 17	Sentence: 2890	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
is	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
because	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
growth	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
indispensable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2891	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
experiencing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
real	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
myself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
I	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
obey	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
advice	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2892	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
and	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
other	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
predecessors	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
used	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
experience	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
their	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
own	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
life	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
by	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
why	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
don	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
'	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
t	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
younger	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
try	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
do	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
the	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
same	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
?	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 2893	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
summary	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
each	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
way	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
learning	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
life	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
has	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
its	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
own	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
benefits	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	N	SP: 21	Sentence: 2894	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
to	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
me	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
learning	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
through	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
personal	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
experience	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
seems	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
appropriate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2895	Doc: essay217
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Modern	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
cooking	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
methods	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
have	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
improved	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
our	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
-	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
style	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
significantly	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2896	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
advances	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
food	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
easier	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
modern	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
days	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2897	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
now	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
use	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
kitchen	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
appliances	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
such	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
microwave	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
toaster	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
cook	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
meals	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
easier	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
convenient	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
than	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
before	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2898	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
instant	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
food	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
products	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
take	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
only	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
few	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
minutes	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
made	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
into	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
delicious	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
meals	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 2899	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
changes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
make	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
cooking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
so	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
easy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
use	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
saving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
improve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
live	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
extent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2900	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
since	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
preparation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
longer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
consuming	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2901	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
such	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
change	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
liberated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
housewives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
tedious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
cooking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
gave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
additional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
meaningful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
accompanying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
doing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2902	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
the	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
other	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
more	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
sleep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
bit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
later	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
because	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
couple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
breakfasts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2903	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
the	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
second	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
point	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
since	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
preparation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
easier	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
convenient	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
certainly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
preserve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
diverse	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
kinds	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
foods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2904	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
variety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
dishes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
meal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
choose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
whatever	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2905	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
men	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
hand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
willing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
cooking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
done	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2906	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
transformation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
positive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
impacts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
cases	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2907	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
saving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
simple	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
preparation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
process	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
gives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
activities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
select	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
diverse	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
kinds	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
foods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
willingness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
cook	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
meals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2908	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
course	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
there	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
may	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
be	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
some	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
other	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
perspectives	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
that	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
I	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
neglected	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
to	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
fully	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
consider	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 2909	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
for	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
the	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
that	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
I	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
have	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
presented	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
above	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
would	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
assert	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
change	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
improved	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
significantly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2910	Doc: essay219
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2911	Doc: essay222
parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2911	Doc: essay222
best	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2911	Doc: essay222
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2911	Doc: essay222
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2911	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
is	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
obvious	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
first	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
teachers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
teach	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
babies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
how	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
walk	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
speak	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2912	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
skills	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
order	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
future	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2913	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
taught	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
basic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
influence	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
whole	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
by	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2914	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
everything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2915	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
explain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
describe	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
tenderly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
simple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2916	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
whole	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
wonderful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
colorful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
baby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
little	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
mind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2917	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
train	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
child	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
how	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2918	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
basically	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
say	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
thanks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
apology	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2919	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
the	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
one	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
common	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
try	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
explain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2920	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
On	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
the	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
other	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
hand	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
shown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
behave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2921	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
seems	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
easy	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
but	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
influence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
positively	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
real	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2922	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Third	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
it	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
is	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
clear	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
loves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2923	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
tend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
best	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
advice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2924	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unlike	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
professional	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
support	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
skill	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
communicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
habit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2925	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
parents	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
factor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
succeed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2926	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
parents	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
really	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
give	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
much	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
advice	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2927	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Based	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
on	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
love	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
they	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
always	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
try	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
their	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
best	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
make	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
good	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
condition	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
for	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
their	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
children	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
development	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
in	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
order	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
to	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
children	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
'	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
s	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
future	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
life	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2928	Doc: essay222
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Tv	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
has	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
NO	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
negative	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
effects	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2929	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
undergone	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
innovations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
such	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
Tv	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2930	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
say	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
television	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
negative	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
effects	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
children	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
since	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
violent	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
inappropriate	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
children	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2931	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
strongly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
television	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
negative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2932	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
two	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
support	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
my	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
idea	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 2933	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
useful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
educational	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2934	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
date	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
news	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
purposes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2935	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
wisely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2936	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
in	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
Korea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
program	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
called	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
EBS	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2937	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
targeted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
teenager	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2938	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
subjects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
EBS	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
lecture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2939	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Also	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
documentary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
films	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
man	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
Korea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2940	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Using	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
let	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
inspirations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
having	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2941	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
Tv	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
helpful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
relieve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
stresses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2942	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
are	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
many	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
Tv	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
programs	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
such	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
as	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
sports	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
programs	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	N	SP: 15	Sentence: 2943	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
stresses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
recently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
since	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
pressure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2944	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
sports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
relieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
stresses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2945	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
an	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
example	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
got	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2946	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
quite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
aggressive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
however	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2947	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
After	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
soccer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
Korea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
Japan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
gone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2948	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Instead	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
soccer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
match	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
continue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
academic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
since	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
relieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
stress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2949	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
of	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
course	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
violent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
however	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
Tv	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
wisely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
positive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
negative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
effects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 2950	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Now	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
that	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
useful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
educational	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
quite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
helpful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
relieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
stresses	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 2951	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
these	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
,	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
strongly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
disagree	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
statement	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
television	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
negative	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
effects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
.	O	O	Y	SP: 24	Sentence: 2952	Doc: essay223
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Businesses	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
had	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
better	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
not	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
employ	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
workers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
whole	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2953	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
entrepreneurs	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
hypothesize	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
safer	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
hire	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
employees	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
for	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
entire	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
lives	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
order	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
ensure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
productivity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
efficiency	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
working	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2954	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
my	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
perspective	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
those	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
assumptions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
only	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
conservative	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
but	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
also	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
out	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
-	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
-	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
date	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 2955	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
am	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
biased	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
towards	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
opposite	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
side	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
businesses	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
had	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
employ	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
workers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
whole	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
three	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
main	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
crucial	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2956	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
and	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
foremost	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
various	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
creativity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
indispensable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
company	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
flourish	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2957	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
invaluable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
senior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
employees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
pass	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
down	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
young	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
apprentices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
regularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
give	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
creative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
novel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2958	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
'	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
s	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
more	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
rapid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
nowadays	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
requires	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
precise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
updates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
access	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2959	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
youngsters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
capable	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
meeting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
standards	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2960	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
importantly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
activeness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
inventiveness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
enterprise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
allow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
complete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
perfectly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2961	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
vital	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
factors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
decide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
whether	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
thrive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2962	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
staff	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
soon	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
gets	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
boring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
stable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2963	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
presume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
securing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
necessary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
manage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2964	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thereafter	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
bulk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
realize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
promotion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
competition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
assist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
skills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
horizons	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
also	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2965	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
challenging	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
monotonous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
passive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2966	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
old	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
soon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
depressed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
so	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
adverse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
impact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
enterprise	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2967	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
but	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
not	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
least	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
economic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
crisis	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
recession	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
result	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
tremendous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
unemployment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2968	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
my	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
businesses	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
ought	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
recruit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
workers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
tackle	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
aching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
issue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2969	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
enables	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
jobless	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 2970	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
abundant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
human	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
sources	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
ensure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
pace	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
manufacture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
devising	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
unique	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
ideas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 2971	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
a	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
nutshell	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
varied	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
characteristics	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
various	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
people	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
feeling	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
tired	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
of	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
having	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
same	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
occupation	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
and	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
solving	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
unemployed	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
problem	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
drive	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
me	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
to	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
with	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
statement	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
that	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
employer	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
hire	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
staff	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
whole	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 2972	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
the	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
brilliant	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
bosses	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
conscious	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
need	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
giving	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
opportunities	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
diverse	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
employees	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 2973	Doc: essay224
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Childhood	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
happiest	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
time	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
person	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2974	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
with	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
the	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
statement	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
childhood	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
happiest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
period	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 2975	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
lack	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
responsibilities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
daily	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
struggle	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
childhood	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
happiest	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
factors	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
learning	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
lots	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
every	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
day	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
freedom	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
imagine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
say	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2976	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Starting	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
adulthood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
strictly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
bounded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
responsibilities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
daily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2977	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
shall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
wake	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
shall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
dress	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
shall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
behave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2978	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Every	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
action	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
watched	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
closely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
judged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2979	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
during	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
childhood	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
though	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
responsibilies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
exist	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
do	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2980	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
late	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
laughing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
place	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
where	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
aren	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
supposed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
consequences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
serious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
adult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2981	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Another	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
possibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
interesting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
single	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 2982	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Being	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
single	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
discovered	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 2983	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
facts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
stories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
listen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 2984	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
childhood	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
period	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
surprised	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 2985	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Using	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
imagination	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
saying	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
freely	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
another	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
thing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
being	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
child	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 2986	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
judged	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
say	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
adults	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
freedom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
yourself	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
developing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
colorful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
imagination	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 2987	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
adulthood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
forced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
express	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
boundaries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
free	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
imagination	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 2988	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Childhood	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
several	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
aspects	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
happiest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
period	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 2989	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
because	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
nature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
childhood	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
our	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
changed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
we	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
adults	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 2990	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
an	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
ideal	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
world	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
with	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
less	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
boundaries	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
social	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
judgement	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
and	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
more	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
freedom	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
of	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
thought	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
things	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
could	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
be	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
different	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
;	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
but	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
since	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
this	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
is	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
not	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
the	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
case	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
,	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
it	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
seems	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
that	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
we	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
will	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
always	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
be	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
missing	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
our	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
childhood	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
days	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
.	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 2991	Doc: essay225
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Success	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2992	Doc: essay226
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2992	Doc: essay226
knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 2992	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
think	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
 Past has nothing to do with present , as time never stops , the next generations are completely different from the predecessors 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2993	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
it	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
is	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
true	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
life	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
changes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
rapidly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
there	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
things	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
past	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
we	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
learn	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
success	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
many	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
fields	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
study	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 2994	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
all	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
predecessors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
consider	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 2995	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
too	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
risk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
trying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
anything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
so	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
avoid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
ones	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 2996	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Each	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
mistake	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
smallest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
bigger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
treasure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
experience	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
prepared	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
complicated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
situations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 2997	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
past	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
obviously	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
saves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
ourselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
bunch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
failures	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
times	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 2998	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
success	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
past	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
significant	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 2999	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
predecessors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
indirect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
goals	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
others	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
accomplishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
served	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
direct	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3000	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
By	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
looking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
achieve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
targets	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
mine	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
practice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
course	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
successful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3001	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
Edison	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
statement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
 Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
helpful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
probably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
future	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3002	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Last	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
but	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
not	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
least	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
past	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
basis	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
use	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
develope	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
inventions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3003	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
never	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
modern	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3004	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
How	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
America	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
leading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
Columbus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
accidentally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
discover	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
search	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
India	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3005	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
How	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
comtemporary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
scientists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
earth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
gravity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
apple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
fall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
Newton	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
head	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3006	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
precious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
past	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
presents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3007	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
ignore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3008	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
in	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
all	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
the	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
past	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
mistakes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
success	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
knowledge	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
all	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
crucial	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
impact	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
today	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3009	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
should	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
make	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
full	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
use	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
of	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
the	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
past	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
instead	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
of	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
ignoring	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
it	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
for	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
a	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
better	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
and	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
brighter	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
future	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3010	Doc: essay226
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
destroys	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
communication	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
among	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
friends	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
family	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3011	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
greatest	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
innovations	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
use	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
every	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
day	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3012	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Besides	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
watching	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
television	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
cons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
at	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
same	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
time	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
has	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
very	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
good	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
pros	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3013	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
while	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
some	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
argue	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
TV	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
has	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
devastated	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
communication	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
among	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
friends	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
families	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
I	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
believe	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
it	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
has	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
done	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
the	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
opposite	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3014	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
think	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
TV	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
programs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
among	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
popular	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
topics	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
every	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
day	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
talk	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
great	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
gathering	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3015	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
Modern	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
smart	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
system	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
let	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
connected	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3016	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
it	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
'	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
s	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
true	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
watching	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
day	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
meet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
start	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
conversation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
times	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
weather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
forecast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
sport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3017	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
having	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
meals	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
while	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
watching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3018	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Families	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
usually	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
tend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
watch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
either	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3019	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
example	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
sit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
enjoy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
VHS	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
player	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
nights	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3020	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
fun	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
little	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
bit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
similar	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
cinema	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3021	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Third	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
TV	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
communication	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
ways	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3022	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
TV	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
connected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
multimedia	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
devices	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
smart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
operating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
system	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
Google	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
WDTV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
Skype	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
tango	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
apps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3023	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
Teenagers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
online	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
;	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
we	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
communicate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
through	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3024	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
sum	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
up	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
TV	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
may	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
away	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
your	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
but	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
together	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
conversation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3025	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
well	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
as	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
way	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
recent	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
communications	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
based	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
on	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
think	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
TV	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
helps	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
you	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
get	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
connected	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3026	Doc: essay228
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
can	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
help	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
teenage	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
adult	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3027	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
society	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
exceedingly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
competitive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
ever	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
before	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
parents	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
have	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
responsibilitis	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
teach	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
children	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
survive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
be	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
indepedent	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
from	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
them	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
just	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
as	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
animals	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
teach	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
their	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
offspring	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
skills	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
finding	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
foods	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3028	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
use	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
methods	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
guide	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
achieve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
example	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
asking	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
do	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
some	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
housework	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
clean	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
rooms	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
by	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
themselves	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3029	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
views	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
way	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
teenage	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
take	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
part	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
prepare	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
adult	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
several	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3030	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
pocket	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3031	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
an	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
oppertunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
learn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
how	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
deal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3032	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Take	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
me	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
as	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
an	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
example	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
16	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
found	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
summer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
vacation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
earned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3033	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
At	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
beginning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
semester	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
text	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
book	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3034	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Unfortunately	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
spent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
salary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
hanging	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3035	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
finally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
realized	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
plan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
before	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
influence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3036	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
by	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
taking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
part	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
certainly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
responsible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
anything	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
done	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3037	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
student	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
frequently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
late	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
reduce	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
payment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
fire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3038	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
compare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
suffer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
small	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
punishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3039	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Under	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
circumstances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
learn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
obey	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
rule	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
responsibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3040	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
to	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
help	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
adapt	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
adult	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
let	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3041	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Due	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
to	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
the	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
given	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
above	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
to	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
encourage	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
taking	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
part	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
-	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
choice	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
them	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
get	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
prepared	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
adult	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3042	Doc: essay230
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
grow	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
up	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
big	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
city	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
!	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3043	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
certainly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
grow	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
big	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
city	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3044	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
course	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
you	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
need	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
choose	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
good	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
neighborhood	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3045	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
hold	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
belief	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
because	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
two	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
main	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
reasons	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
academic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
social	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
reasons	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3046	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
people	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
thinks	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
if	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
child	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
grows	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
big	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
city	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
day	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
home	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
computer	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
video	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
game	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
but	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
this	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
true	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
neighborhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
age	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3047	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
soccer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
bike	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
climb	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
trees	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
stuff	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3048	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
We	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
video	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
wasn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
activity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3049	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
kinds	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3050	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
grew	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
countryside	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3051	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
said	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
pass	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
test	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
enter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3052	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
is	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
another	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
downside	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
of	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
growing	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
up	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
in	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
the	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
countryside	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	N	SP: 11	Sentence: 3053	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
big	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
city	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
qualified	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
teachers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
better	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
technology	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3054	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Growing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
up	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
countryside	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
experience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
you	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
won	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
gossips	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
everywhere	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3055	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
someday	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
have	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
children	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
I	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
'	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
m	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
absolutely	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
sure	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
that	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
they	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
grow	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
up	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
neighborhood	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
big	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
city	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
will	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
very	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
happy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
about	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
it	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3056	Doc: essay231
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
best	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
because	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
they	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
special	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
everybody	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
else	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3057	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
completely	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
parents	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
best	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
teacher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3058	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
normally	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
somehow	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
special	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
lives	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3059	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
things	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
say	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
power	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
child	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3060	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
More	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
power	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
adult	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3061	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
tells	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
kid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
shouldn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
told	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
right	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
kid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
listen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
wrong	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3062	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
spends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
so	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
their	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
teach	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
him	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
/	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
her	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
anybody	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
else	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3063	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
contact	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
intimacy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3064	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Lastly	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
usually	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
mirror	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3065	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
'	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
s	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
as	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
important	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
thing	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
because	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
even	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
intend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
teach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
something	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
observing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
learning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3066	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
So	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
man	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
beats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
wife	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
treats	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
child	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
probably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
going	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
rude	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
treat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
girls	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3067	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
in	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
all	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
parents	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
greatest	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
teachers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
and	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
I	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
think	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
they	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
should	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
very	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
careful	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
with	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
what	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
they	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
say	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
and	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
do	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
in	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
front	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
of	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
their	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
child	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
it	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
can	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
define	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
who	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
he	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
going	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
to	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3068	Doc: essay232
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Easy	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
preparation	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
food	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
leads	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
better	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
life	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3069	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
Technology	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
developed	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
lot	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3070	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
development	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
food	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
prepared	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
more	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
easily	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
taste	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
lot	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
better	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
than	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
used	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3071	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
that	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
change	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
'	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
s	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
lives	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
lot	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
better	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
for	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
several	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3072	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
good	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
are	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
about	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
having	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
more	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
time	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
and	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
being	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
able	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
prepare	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
better	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
food	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
without	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
being	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
a	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
good	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
cook	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3073	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
normally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
lots	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3074	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
of	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
that	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
kitchen	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3075	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
being	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
able	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
tasty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
just	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
putting	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
into	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
microwave	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
into	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
oven	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
awesome	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3076	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
engineer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
project	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
deliver	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
tomorrow	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
preparing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
microwave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
instead	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
cooking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
everything	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
scratch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3077	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
when	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
someone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
wants	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
alone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
reason	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
ago	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
he	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
/	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
she	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
would	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
cook	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
nowadays	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
very	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
easy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
healthy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
tasty	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3078	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
example	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
guy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
wants	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
dinner	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
girlfriend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
comes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
instructions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3079	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Normally	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
oven	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
wait	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3080	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
in	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
all	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
that	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
ease	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
prepare	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
food	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
improved	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
lives	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3081	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
that	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
happened	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
mainly	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
because	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
development	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
of	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
the	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
technology	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	N	SP: 14	Sentence: 3082	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
careful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
eat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
some	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
industrial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
so	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
brands	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3083	Doc: essay233
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
University	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
education	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
be	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
free	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
for	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
everyone	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
interested	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3084	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
famous	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
proverb	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
Knowledge	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
power	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
demonstrated	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
value	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
education	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3085	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
that	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
universities	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
provide	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
free	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
cost	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
interested	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
because	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
now	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
days	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
universities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
name	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
charge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
fees	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
this	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
leads	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
think	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
affordability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3086	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
have	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
observed	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
interested	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
failed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
admission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
universities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
along	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
left	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3087	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
University	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
become	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
business	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
issue	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
affordability	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
become	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
crucial	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
students	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3088	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
expensive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
tending	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
apply	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
finance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
admission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3089	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whereas	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
facing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
apart	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
requirements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
previous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
face	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
burden	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
while	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
getting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
admission	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
accommodation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
food	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
traveling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
clothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
etc	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3090	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
hard	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
manage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
two	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
things	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
instance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
easy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
concentrate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
studies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3091	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
MPhils	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
PhDs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
probably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
engage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
takes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
concentration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
surveys	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3092	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
idea	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
free	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
charge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
education	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
inspires	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
those	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
really	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
put	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
efforts	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
degree	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
best	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
universities	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3093	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
universities	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
look	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
over	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
issues	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
face	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
by	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
;	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
message	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
spread	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
making	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
money	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
motivate	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
those	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
scholars	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
want	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
get	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
education	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3094	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Their	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
notion	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
should	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
be	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
inspirational	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
in	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
such	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
a	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
way	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
which	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
makes	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
our	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
society	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
educative	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
and	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
increase	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
our	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
literacy	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
rate	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
.	O	O	N	SP: 12	Sentence: 3095	Doc: essay235
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
professors	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
doing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
research	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
or	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
educating	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
students	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3096	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Although	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
professors	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
university	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
basically	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
teachers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
who	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
do	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
important	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
thing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
cannot	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
ignore	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
influential	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
aspect	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
always	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
busy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
with	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
doing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
research	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3097	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
my	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
professor	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
spend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
doing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
educating	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
students	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
for	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
a	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
few	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
following	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3098	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
professor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
researcher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
expert	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
specific	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
subject	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3099	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
keep	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
passion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
so	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
he	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
she	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
push	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
him	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
/	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
herself	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
forward	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3100	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
then	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
teaching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3101	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
impressive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
professor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
Mr	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
.	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
Yang	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
keeps	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
researching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
reading	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3102	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
gave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
inspiration	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
taught	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
study	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
efficient	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
ourselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3103	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
classmates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
gave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
rank	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
AAA	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
excellent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
teacher	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3104	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
textbooks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
webs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
teachers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3105	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
we	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
professors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
part	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
ourselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
promoted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3106	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
professor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
doesn	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
t	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
researching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
works	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
he	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
opportunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3107	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
professor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
concentrate	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
his	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
her	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
thinking	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
creating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
ideas	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
all	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3108	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
she	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
stimulate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
come	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
creative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
sugesstions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3109	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
both	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
professor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
students	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3110	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
all	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
professors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
university	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
fortune	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3111	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
leaders	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
almost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
culture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3112	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
research	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
new	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
technologies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
come	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
out	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
quickly	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3113	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
artcrafts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
ruined	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
nothing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3114	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
research	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
information	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
ancestors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
known	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
earth	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3115	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
professor	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
research	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
all	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
during	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
careers	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
as	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
teacher	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
university	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3116	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
it	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
'	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
s	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
worth	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
to	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
spend	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
more	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
time	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
on	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
it	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
than	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
on	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
teaching	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
.	O	O	N	SP: 22	Sentence: 3117	Doc: essay236
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
Movies	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
influence	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
our	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
lives	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
both	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
negatively	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
positively	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3118	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
doubt	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
movies	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
influence	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
behavior	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
influence	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
us	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
both	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
bad	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
ways	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
good	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
ways	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3119	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
But	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
I	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
think	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
in	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
general	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
television	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
influence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
behavior	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
bad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3120	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
eat	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
rubbish	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
food	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
spend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
less	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
someone	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3121	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
eating	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
snacks	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
watching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3122	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
eat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
fat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
chips	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
pizzas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3123	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
rocket	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
science	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
health	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3124	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
behavior	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
use	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
advertisements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3125	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
consume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
these	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
rubbish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
foods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
deal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
fat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3126	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
spend	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
couch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
family	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
friends	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
especially	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3127	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
communicate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
because	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3128	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
talk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
less	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
compare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
parlor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
games	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3129	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
movies	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
contain	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
a	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
lot	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
of	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
advertisements	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3130	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
advertisements	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
build	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
ideal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
images	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
feel	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
bad	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
themselves	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
want	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
like	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
these	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
images	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3131	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
beautiful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
women	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
men	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
advertisements	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
ugly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3132	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
spend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
beauty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
products	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
gym	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
appearance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
body	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3133	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
cool	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
hero	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
characters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
movie	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
smokes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
yet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
idolize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
begin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
although	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
prefer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3134	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
think	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
entertaining	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
but	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
most	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
influence	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
people	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
behavior	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
bad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
ways	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3135	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
you	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
want	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
to	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
stay	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
healthy	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
be	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
yourself	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
spend	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
time	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
with	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
your	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
family	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
and	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
friends	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
,	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
then	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
you	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
should	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
spend	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
less	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
time	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
watching	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
these	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
media	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
.	O	O	N	SP: 19	Sentence: 3136	Doc: essay237
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Reasons	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
why	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
travelers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
visit	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
Museums	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3137	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
like	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
visit	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
museums	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
when	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
they	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
travel	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
new	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
places	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
other	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
don	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
t	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
like	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
visit	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
museums	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3138	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
personaly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
tend	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
visit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
museums	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
when	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
m	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
new	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
place	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
because	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
me	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
tradition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
history	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 3	Sentence: 3139	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
first	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
reason	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
why	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
people	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
are	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
willing	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
visit	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
museums	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
when	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
they	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
travel	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
a	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
new	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
territory	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
is	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
museums	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
tremendous	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
amount	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
different	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
aspects	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
history	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
as	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
said	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
back	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3140	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
taking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
making	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3141	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Visit	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
bring	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
establish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
relations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
participate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
conversations	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3142	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
speaks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
highly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3143	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
other	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
visit	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
museums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
boring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
expirience	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
trip	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3144	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
cousin	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
Pedro	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
literaly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
hates	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
enjoyed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
famous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
London	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
Madame	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
Tussaud	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
museum	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
kind	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
art	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
entertainment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
helped	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
understand	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
artist	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
addition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
started	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
admire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
types	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
arts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
offers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
museums	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3145	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
coclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
museums	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
visual	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
source	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
know	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
history	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
tradition	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
culture	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
any	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
place	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3146	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
think	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
fun	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
educational	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3147	Doc: essay238
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
man	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
manner	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
mirror	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
that	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
reflects	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
his	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
virtues	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3148	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Once	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
celebrity	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
said	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
:	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
A	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
man	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
'	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
s	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
manner	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
mirror	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
reflects	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
his	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
virtues	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3149	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Recently	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
social	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
environment	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
we	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
lived	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
with	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
busy	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
noises	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
crowded	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
spaces	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
in	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
case	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
pay	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
less	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
attentions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
on	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
behaviors	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
manners	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3150	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
being	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
rude	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
towards	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
others	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3151	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Due	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
phenomenon	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
someone	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
suggests	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
that	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
we	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
should	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
not	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
expect	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
people	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
be	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
polite	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
to	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
other	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3152	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Obviously	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
I	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
do	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
not	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
agree	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
with	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
such	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
kind	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
of	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
altitudes	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
the	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
explanations	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
I	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
explored	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
would	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
be	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
stated	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
as	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
following	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3153	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
of	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
all	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
a	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
manner	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
fine	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
personal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
impression	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3154	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Through	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
impressions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
acquired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
blended	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
community	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
surrounded	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
soon	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3155	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
example	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
worked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
am	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
guy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
manners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
treating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
new	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
colleagues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
accept	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
approved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
employers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3156	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
opposite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
situation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
am	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
rude	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
along	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
well	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3157	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
fired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
choice	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
lost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3158	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Secondly	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
respect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
politeness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
within	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3159	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Politeness	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
tender	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
words	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
speaker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
earn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
reputation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
encourage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
listeners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
were	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
need	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3160	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
A	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
successful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
corporation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
pleasure	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3161	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
facts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
improved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
politeness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
succeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
from	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
made	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
partners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
opponents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
find	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
individual	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
dignity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3162	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
society	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
needs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
civilized	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
orders	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3163	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
And	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
degree	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
civilization	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
depend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
qualities	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3164	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
create	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
ourselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
offsprings	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
asked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
politeness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
manners	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3165	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Benefit	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
effective	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
measures	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
obvious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
effect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
reducing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
criminal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
rate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3166	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
All	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
in	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
all	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
I	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
suppose	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
that	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
polite	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
others	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
such	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
busy	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
crowded	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3167	Doc: essay239
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
job	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
has	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
effect	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
on	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
happiness	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
your	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
living	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
environment	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
does	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3168	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
With	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
development	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
economy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
more	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
rich	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3169	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
start	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
pay	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
attention	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
mental	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
requirement	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
like	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
happiness	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3170	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
While	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
accept	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
job	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
can	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
offer	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
happiness	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
to	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
some	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
people	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
living	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
environment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
important	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
most	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
us	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3171	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
job	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
bring	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
happiness	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3172	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
receive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
values	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
respected	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3173	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
receive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
achievement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
confidence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3174	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
job	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
money	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3175	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
concern	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
about	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
living	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
than	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3176	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
for	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
tool	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
maintain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3177	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Few	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
because	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
continue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
30	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3178	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
example	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
Workers	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
FOXCONN	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
factory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
main	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
manufacture	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
APPLE	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
Company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
just	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
repeat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
action	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
8	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
day	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3179	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
These	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
labor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
workers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
because	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
tired	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
frustrated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
hour	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3180	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
beautiful	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
environment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
basic	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
physiological	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
needs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
which	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
fundamental	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
requirements	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3181	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
beautiful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
fell	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
anxiety	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3182	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
development	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
economy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
gradually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
destroying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
quickly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3183	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Factories	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
released	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
wasters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
river	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
soil	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3184	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
build	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
factory	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
destroy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
huge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
forests	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3185	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
China	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
residents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
nearby	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
toxic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
sick	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
because	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
these	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
release	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
toxic	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
water	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
wasters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3186	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
though	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
local	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
residents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
benefits	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
increasing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
number	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
jobs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
provided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
factories	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
feel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
happiness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
paying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
yet	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
because	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
suffer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
cancer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
diseases	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3187	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
far	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
better	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
protect	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
our	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
living	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
environment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
rather	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
focus	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
work	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
since	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
goal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
livers	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3188	Doc: essay242
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Television	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
has	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
more	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
bad	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
than	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
good	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
respect	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
bonds	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
with	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
family	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
and	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
friends	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3189	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
are	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
many	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
interesting	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
programs	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
on	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
which	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
anyone	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
can	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
enjoy	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
at	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
little	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
cost	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3190	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Compared	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
other	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
hobbies	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
such	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
as	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
going	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
theater	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
going	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
sports	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
stadium	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
it	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
very	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
cost	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
-	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
effective	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
hobby	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
that	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
gives	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
viewer	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
quiet	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
few	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
indirect	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
experiences	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3191	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
from	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
my	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
of	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
view	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
television	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
has	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
bad	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
because	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
it	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
has	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
made	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
conversation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
each	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
other	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3192	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
begin	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
with	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
television	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
shows	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
forget	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
what	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
really	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
important	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3193	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
tends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
obessed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
air	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3194	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
appointment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
go	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
since	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
crucial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
lives	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3195	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
One	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
once	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
cancelled	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
appointment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
play	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
basketball	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
favorite	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
 Infinete Challenges 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3196	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
basketball	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
our	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
friendship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
depends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
meet	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
chance	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
talk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3197	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
is	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
watching	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
friend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
lost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
opportunity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
increase	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
cohesion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
between	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3198	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
even	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
watch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
together	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
there	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
no	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
them	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
conversation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
front	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3199	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Watching	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
program	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
program	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
alone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3200	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thus	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
want	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
improve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
sense	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
closeness	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3201	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
illustrate	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
my	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
point	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
reported	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
converse	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
when	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3202	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
natural	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
behave	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
television	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
shows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
require	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
participation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3203	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
I	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
firmly	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
it	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
detrimental	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
communication	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
among	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
members	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
family	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
friends	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
whatever	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
sit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
front	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
television	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
just	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
stare	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
forward	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3204	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
because	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
television	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
obsessed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
with	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
makes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
mouth	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
close	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3205	Doc: essay244
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Haste	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3206	Doc: essay246
makes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3206	Doc: essay246
waste	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3206	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
saying	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
is	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
stating	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
that	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
every	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
fast	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
not	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
well	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
thought	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
decision	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
wasted	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 2	Sentence: 3207	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
my	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
opinion	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
statement	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
completely	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
true	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
for	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
these	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
few	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
reasons	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
:	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3208	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
one	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
thing	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
making	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
quick	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
means	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
hasn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
checked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
its	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
aspects	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3209	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Consequently	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
making	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
quick	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
decisions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
leads	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
probable	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
bad	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
results	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3210	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
:	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
decided	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
quit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
really	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
thinking	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
alternative	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
plan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
B	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
end	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
up	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
unemployed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
speedy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3211	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
making	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
rushed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
decision	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
mean	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
missing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
out	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
potential	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
opportunity	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3212	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
another	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
word	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
waited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
thought	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
decision	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
wouldn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
missed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
opening	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
firm	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
position	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3213	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Hence	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
wouldn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
unemployed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3214	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Not	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
to	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
mention	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
that	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
hasty	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
decisions	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
only	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
goes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
waste	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
but	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
affect	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
entire	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
life	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
person	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3215	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
To	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
put	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
differently	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
after	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
person	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
quit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
became	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
unemployed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
longer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
pay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
bills	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
nor	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
buy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
everyday	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
needs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
thus	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
his	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
turn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
worst	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3216	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
can	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
be	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
seen	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
from	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
this	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
is	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
that	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
a	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
hurried	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
decision	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
almost	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
never	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
good	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3217	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
'	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
s	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
why	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
one	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
should	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
always	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
study	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
his	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
decision	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
carefully	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
and	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
slowly	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
,	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
to	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
ensure	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
that	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
decision	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
that	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
person	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
is	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
making	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
is	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
the	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
best	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
for	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
him	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
.	O	O	N	SP: 13	Sentence: 3218	Doc: essay246
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
are	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
now	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
able	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
overcome	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
long	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
distances	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
short	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
amount	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
of	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
time	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3219	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nowadays	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
automobile	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
the	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
most	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
significant	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
forms	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
transportation	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
everyday	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3220	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
own	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
cars	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
use	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
them	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
daily	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
which	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
clearly	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
shows	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
how	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
important	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
they	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
are	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3221	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Generally	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
speaking	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
definitely	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
with	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
statement	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
cars	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
have	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
improved	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
modern	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
for	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
several	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3222	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Firstly	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
overcome	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
distances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
short	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
amount	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
leads	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
numerous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
advantages	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3223	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3224	Doc: essay247
example	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3224	Doc: essay247
in	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3224	Doc: essay247
relationships	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3224	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	N	SP: 6	Sentence: 3224	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Many	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
now	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
able	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
maintain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
relationships	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
over	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
distances	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
because	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
visit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
regularly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
vehicle	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3225	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
my	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
personal	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
experience	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
I	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
recall	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
that	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
childhood	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
very	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
although	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
lived	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
another	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
city	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3226	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
establish	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
man	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
living	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
89	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
kilometers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3227	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Thanks	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
each	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
weekends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
happy	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
couple	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
today	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3228	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Without	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
automobile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
probably	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
develop	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
relationship	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3229	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
addition	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
cars	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
increase	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
chance	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
employment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
because	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
people	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
drive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
further	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
away	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3230	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Furthermore	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
flexible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3231	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
My	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
example	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
always	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
been	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
working	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
around	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
Germany	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
because	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
earned	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
money	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3232	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
He	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
used	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
drive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
end	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
worked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
during	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
week	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
came	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
weekend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3233	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
had	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
wouldn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
able	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
family	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
weekends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
automobile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
benefit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
financial	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
social	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
terms	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3234	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Finally	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
automobile	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
allows	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
travel	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
often	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3235	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
own	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
cars	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
stay	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
hometown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
village	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
most	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3236	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
mainly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
using	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
transport	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
limited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
accessing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3237	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
There	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
places	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
nearly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
country	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
cannot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
reached	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
public	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
transportation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
visited	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
by	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
car	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3238	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
a	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
result	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
people	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
own	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
vehicle	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
greater	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
access	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
places	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
will	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
see	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3239	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
,	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
the	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
above	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
stated	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
clearly	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
outweigh	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
the	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
fact	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
that	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
cars	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
cause	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
lot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
pollution	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
because	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
provide	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
flexibility	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
nearly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
areas	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
life	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3240	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Travelling	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
social	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
life	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
employment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
are	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
highly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
dependent	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
flexibility	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
person	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
there	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
nothing	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
world	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
makes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
flexible	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
than	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
an	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
car	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3241	Doc: essay247
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Choosing	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
the	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
job	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
that	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
is	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
similar	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
jobs	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
could	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
benefit	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
one	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
s	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
career	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3242	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
choosing	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
job	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
need	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
consider	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
it	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
thoroughly	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3243	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whether	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
choose	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
job	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
which	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
similar	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
parents	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
'	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
job	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
or	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
not	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
may	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
hold	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
different	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3244	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
far	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
as	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
am	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
I	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
think	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
choosing	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
job	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
that	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
similar	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
parents	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
jobs	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
could	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
benefit	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
one	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
s	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
career	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3245	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
of	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
all	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
as	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
parents	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
involved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
environment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
they	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
thus	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
such	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
as	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
domain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
knowledge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
-	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
related	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
information	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3246	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
example	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
my	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
software	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
programmer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
he	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
indeed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
teaches	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
lot	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
programming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
computer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
knowledge	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3247	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whenever	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
met	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
difficulty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
reach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
him	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
consulting	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3248	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
he	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
many	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
experiences	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
save	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
enormous	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
finding	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
solution	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3249	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
truly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
makes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
me	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
competitive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
colleagues	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3250	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
If	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
worked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
field	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
father	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
faced	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
difficulty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
than	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3251	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Nevertheless	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
since	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
parents	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
worked	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
tens	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
accumulated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
rich	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
network	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3252	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
deep	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
insight	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
provide	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
much	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3253	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
instance	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
know	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
company	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
welfare	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
provides	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
education	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3254	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
their	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
friends	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
industry	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
write	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
recommendation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
letters	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
certain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
companies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3255	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
undoubted	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
recommendation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
letter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
extraordinary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
important	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
competitive	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
society	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3256	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
When	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
others	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
still	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
struggling	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
preparing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
resume	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
recommendation	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
letter	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
already	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
passed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
stage	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
interviewing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
process	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3257	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
may	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
as	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
time	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
is	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
different	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
completely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
different	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3258	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
choosing	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
job	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
similar	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
always	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
correct	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
decision	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3259	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
with	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
this	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
some	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
extent	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
but	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
when	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
comes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
trend	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
predict	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
correctly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3260	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
The	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
condition	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
market	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
changes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
enormously	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
fast	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
like	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
flash	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
so	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
that	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
there	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
way	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
predict	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
job	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
popular	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
30	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
years	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3261	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
considering	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
whether	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
one	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
should	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
choose	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
a	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
job	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
similar	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
to	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
his	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
or	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
her	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
parents	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
'	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
I	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
have	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
mentioned	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
a	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
few	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
reasons	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
that	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
one	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
get	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
from	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
his	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
her	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
same	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
industry	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3262	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
parents	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
lead	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
to	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
more	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
smooth	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
career	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
path	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3263	Doc: essay248
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
parents	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
limit	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
their	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
children	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
watching	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
TV	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
to	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
make	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
them	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
do	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
well	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
school	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3264	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
19th	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
century	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
television	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
one	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
an	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
significant	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
inventions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
has	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
become	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
indispensible	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
appliance	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
every	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
house	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3265	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
For	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
its	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
accessible	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
containing	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
fancy	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
programs	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
television	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
attracts	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
audiences	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
from	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
a	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
wide	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
range	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
age	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
and	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
background	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3266	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
who	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
are	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
addicted	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
TV	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
causes	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
broad	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
argument	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
about	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
whether	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
they	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
should	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
be	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
limited	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
watching	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
television	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
amount	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
of	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
time	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3267	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
far	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
as	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
am	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
concerned	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
agree	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
with	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
children	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
forbidden	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
watching	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
television	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
excessively	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3268	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
generally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
weak	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
self	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
control	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
thus	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
time	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
easily	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3269	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Watching	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
long	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
without	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
doing	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
homework	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
one	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
major	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
headaches	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
most	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
have	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
brought	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
parents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3270	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
my	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
childhood	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
was	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
just	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
a	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
typical	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
case	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	N	SP: 8	Sentence: 3271	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Whenever	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
back	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
home	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
from	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
first	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
thing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
turning	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
television	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
sit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3272	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
watch	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
hours	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
hardly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
sit	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
front	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
my	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
desk	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
homework	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
few	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
minutes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3273	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
memorize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
channels	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
was	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
playing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
could	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
barely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
memorize	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
word	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
textbook	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3274	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
therefore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
did	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
extremely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
at	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
school	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
due	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
lack	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
studying	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3275	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Moreover	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
sometimes	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
full	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
violence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
sex	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
which	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
harmful	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3276	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Children	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
mature	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
make	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
judgment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
good	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
bad	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
likely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
imitate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
curiosity	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3277	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Recently	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
smoke	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
because	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
they	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
imitate	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
actors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
behaviors	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3278	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
What	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
'	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
s	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
even	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
worse	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
according	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
some	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
statistics	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
more	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
violent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
tendency	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
reports	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
attribute	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
this	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
programs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
movies	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3279	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
is	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
obvious	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
that	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
there	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
programs	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
on	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
or	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
harmful	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
metal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
physical	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
health	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3280	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
How	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
can	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
anyone	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
expect	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
children	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
could	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
do	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
well	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
at	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
school	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
if	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
they	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
have	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
those	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
abnormal	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
behaviors	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
?	O	O	N	SP: 18	Sentence: 3281	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Admittedly	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
in	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
concerning	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
the	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
social	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
relationship	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
with	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
peers	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
some	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
may	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
support	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
that	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
should	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
watch	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
their	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
rich	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
contents	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
could	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
give	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
children	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
some	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
topics	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
conversation	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3282	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
I	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
agree	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
with	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
this	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
viewpoint	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
to	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
some	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
extent	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	N	SP: 20	Sentence: 3283	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
,	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
doesn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
mean	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
children	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
should	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
do	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
overtime	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
without	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
being	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
taken	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
care	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
what	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
watching	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 21	Sentence: 3284	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
considering	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
whether	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
the	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
time	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
children	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
watching	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
on	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
TV	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
or	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
movies	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
should	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
be	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
constrained	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
,	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
I	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
hold	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
strongly	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
positive	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
point	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
of	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
view	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
toward	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
issue	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 22	Sentence: 3285	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Because	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
children	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
poor	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
at	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
time	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
management	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
less	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
mature	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
make	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
good	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
judgment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
they	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
cannot	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
too	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
serious	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
taken	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
care	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
when	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
watching	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
TV	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
movies	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
.	O	O	Y	SP: 23	Sentence: 3286	Doc: essay249
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Should	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
we	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
pay	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
professional	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
(	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
entertainers	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
)	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
a	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
high	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
salary	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
?	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3287	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Professional	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
entertainers	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
earn	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
a	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
huge	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
amount	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
of	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
money	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
that	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
hard	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
to	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
imagine	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3288	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
of	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
the	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
people	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
spending	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
their	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
whole	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
life	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
can	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
never	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
achieve	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
this	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3289	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
This	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
salary	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
gap	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
between	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
those	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
famous	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
people	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
us	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
leads	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
to	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
a	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
question	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
-	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
do	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
those	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
professional	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
athletes	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
and	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
entertainers	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
deserve	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
this	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
money	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
?	O	O	N	SP: 4	Sentence: 3290	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
From	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
my	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
prospect	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
I	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
believe	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
that	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
they	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
do	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
deserve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
this	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
high	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
payment	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 5	Sentence: 3291	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
of	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
all	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
a	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
worker	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
salary	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
properly	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
reflect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
competence	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
value	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
career	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3292	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
those	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
who	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
paid	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
salaries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
must	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
exceed	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
achieve	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
something	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
incredible	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
certain	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
ways	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3293	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
paid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
reason	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3294	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
now	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
live	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
competent	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
world	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
must	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
ourselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
great	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
so	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
convince	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
employer	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
we	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
deserve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
better	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
payment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 9	Sentence: 3295	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
all	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
profession	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3296	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
That	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
'	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
s	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
why	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
richest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
usually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
correspond	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
greatest	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
athletes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
fields	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
namely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
Michael	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
Jordan	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
Tiger	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
Woods	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3297	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
such	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
high	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
salaries	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
can	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
also	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
guarantee	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
support	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
athlete	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
s	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
great	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
performances	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3298	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Most	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
see	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
luxurious	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
side	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
rich	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
athlete	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
ignore	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
may	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
difficulties	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
ve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
gone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
through	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
how	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
much	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
cost	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
ve	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
thrown	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
into	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
investing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
themselves	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3299	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
They	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
shall	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
reap	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
within	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
salaries	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3300	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
other	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
words	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
they	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
paid	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
high	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
enough	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
order	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
conform	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
their	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
performances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
there	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
might	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
such	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
brilliant	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
performances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
us	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
amazed	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3301	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Some	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
people	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
might	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
argue	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
that	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
gap	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
between	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
rich	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
athletes	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
normal	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
so	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
huge	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
that	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
it	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
seems	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
be	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
unfair	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3302	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
in	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
my	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
opinion	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
as	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
long	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
has	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
equal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
chances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
pursue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
dreams	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
careers	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
would	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
be	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
fair	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3303	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Fairness	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
about	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
equal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
payments	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
equal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
chances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
acquire	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
same	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
goal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
or	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
accomplishment	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3304	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
conclusion	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
,	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
high	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
salary	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
athletes	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
is	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
what	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
they	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
deserve	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
accordance	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
with	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
their	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
own	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
achievements	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
and	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
also	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
a	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
guarantee	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
for	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
quality	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
performances	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 19	Sentence: 3305	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
positive	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
encouragement	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
for	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
many	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
more	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
talented	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
people	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
contribute	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
the	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
world	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
athletics	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
and	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
entertainment	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
giving	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
us	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
awesome	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
performances	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
enjoy	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
.	O	O	Y	SP: 20	Sentence: 3306	Doc: essay250
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
People	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
who	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
can	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
t	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
accept	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
others	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
criticism	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
can	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
'	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
t	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
succeed	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
in	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
group	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
working	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 3307	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
everyday	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
life	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
encounter	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
people	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
and	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
we	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
receive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
different	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
about	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
us	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
our	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
works	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
no	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
matter	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
positive	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
or	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
negative	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 3308	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
might	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
be	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
easy	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
take	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
praises	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
but	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
hard	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
to	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
accept	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
criticism	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 3309	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Therefore	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
here	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
goes	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
the	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
point	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
that	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
people	B-MajorClaim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
who	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
t	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
accept	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
others	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
can	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
'	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
t	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
succeed	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
in	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
group	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
working	I-MajorClaim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 4	Sentence: 3310	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Personally	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
I	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
agree	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
with	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
this	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
statement	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	N	SP: 5	Sentence: 3311	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
First	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
the	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
core	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
of	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
is	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
 consensus 	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 6	Sentence: 3312	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
the	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
idea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
everyone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
opinion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
accounts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 7	Sentence: 3313	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
group	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
members	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
gather	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
together	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
have	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
brain	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
-	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
storming	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
discussion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
think	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
over	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
possible	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
solutions	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
then	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
finally	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
reach	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
an	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
agreement	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 3314	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
this	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
long	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
process	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
of	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
discussion	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
there	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
must	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
be	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
different	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
opinions	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
sparkling	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
out	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	N	SP: 9	Sentence: 3315	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
doesn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
solely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
insists	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
on	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
his	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
/	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
her	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
idea	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
doesn	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
because	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
the	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
work	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
belongs	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
show	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
for	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
specific	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 10	Sentence: 3316	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
It	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
every	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
member	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
duty	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
respect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
opinion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 3317	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Second	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
taking	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
virtue	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
as	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
someone	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
s	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
opinion	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
that	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
is	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
against	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 12	Sentence: 3318	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Even	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
if	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
are	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
not	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
working	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
in	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
a	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
group	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
,	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
you	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
still	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
need	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
to	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
take	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
others	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
'	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 3319	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Criticism	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
definitely	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
hurts	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
because	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
it	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
points	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
out	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
your	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
drawbacks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
forces	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
confront	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 3320	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
However	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
criticism	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
help	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
detect	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
those	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
drawbacks	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
and	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
fix	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
them	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
if	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
are	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
willing	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
it	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 15	Sentence: 3321	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
Those	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
who	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
don	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
even	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
a	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
word	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
of	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
eventually	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
lose	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
chances	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
to	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
improved	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 16	Sentence: 3322	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
In	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
other	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
words	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
,	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
if	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
can	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
'	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
t	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
take	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
any	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
criticism	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
not	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
only	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
will	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
you	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
fail	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
cooperating	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
with	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
other	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
people	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
,	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
but	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
also	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
get	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
defeated	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
in	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
personal	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
works	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
.	O	O	Y	SP: 17	Sentence: 3323	Doc: essay251
TheNewLINE	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 2	Doc: essay004
As	B-Premise	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
one	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
Chinese	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
idiom	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
goes	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
:	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 3324	Doc: essay251
 The good medicine tastes bitter ' ."	1
811	 Criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal .	1
812	 However , some people might ask : what if the criticism proves to be wrong ?	0
813	 What if that I was at first right but the seemingly reasonable criticism led me to the wrong direction ?	0
814	 Doesn ' t insistence also a good character ?	0
815	 In my point of view , even if you are right , criticism is still helpful because in this case it not only is a fixer , but it also serves as a practice to test you how much you know about your work .	1
816	 Taking criticism doesn ' t necessary mean that you have to take it all .	1
817	 You should have your own judgments too !	1
818	 And it ' s kind of art to make the best use of criticism .	1
819	 In conclusion , criticism is essential especially in group working but in other occasions we still need criticism .	1
820	 It ' s just like a picky mirror through which we can see the bad side of us and thus try to become more beautiful and confident .	0
821	 How teachers can make the subject interesting to students !	0
822	 There are many ways of teaching .	0
823	 Some people believe that strictly and carefully presenting theories in the class is the best way of teaching , while others assert that involving applications on that theory will be more convincing .	0
824	 In my opinion , I agree with the second idea that the best way for teachers to make students more interested in a subject is to explain how that subject can help and apply to their lives outside school .	1
825	 First of all , by explaining how the subject contributes to daily life , students will have vivid impression on that subject thus become more interested and active in acquiring the knowledge on that subject .	1
826	 Take chemistry for example , merely memorizing the names of the substances and the structural formulas seems to be very boring , while representing where and how those chemical reactions really happen near students will raise their curiosity and lead them to digest those theories learned from the class .	1
827	 While I was in senior high school , my chemical teacher once showed us how the detergent dissolves oil by an experiment and later on taught us how to describe this process with formal structural formulas .	1
828	 This type of learning method is more fun and eventually the results are good .	1
829	 I connected the visual images of that experiment with the formula and I barely forget , even though now I ' m not studying chemistry anymore .	1
830	 Second , by bridging the theories with daily life events , students are given the chance to apply knowledge to their lives and develop their own ability of problem - solving .	1
831	 This will address students ' interests because it ' s the assignment that needs real life participation .	1
832	 For example , in law class , students are informed their rights and duties and they are taught how they can apply law to different situations that might happen upon them .	1
833	 When any one of the situations occurs , they can think independently and figure out how to react .	1
834	 In conclusion , using life experiences and examples to demonstrate the knowledge on a subject is an effective way to attract students ' attention and keep them eager on learning , not only because it reinforces students ' impression on the knowledge but also invites students to practice the knowledge out on their own .	1
835	 Environmental protection vs Economic developments	0
836	 Environmental protection and economic developments might be the biggest issues in the 21st century .	0
837	 They are both important because they are vital to human ' s future and welfare .	0
838	 However , since the budget and the recourse are limited , governments must choose between these two issues .	0
839	 In my opinion , I believe that tackling down environmental problems is of the first priority rather than economic developments .	1
840	 The following are reasons why .	0
841	 First , environmental protection is far more urgent than economic developments .	1
842	 All the living creatures live together on our mother Earth and she is the only one .	1
843	 Without Earth , whatever great civil constructions and economic achievements will end up in vain because we will all perish as she ' s gone .	1
844	 Just like a man that needs a healthy body , all the living creatures as a whole needs a strong planet as well .	1
845	 Second , the influence on environmental problems are boarder and more profound than economic issues .	1
846	 Environmental problems are global rather than local , which means that no countries can be spared from these problems .	1
847	 Take global warming for example , when the temperature increases , the whole globe is affected , suffering the hotter weather together .	1
848	 The melting ice mountain not only jeopardizes habitats of animals living in the polar region , but its effects of the rising sea level also endangers the residents living in the small island near the equator , since the rising sea water could drown them .	1
849	 Environmental issues can not be divided by nationality because all humans are simply entwined together by our only home - Earth .	1
850	 Some people might argue that economic issues are global and critical as well thus can not be put aside .	1
851	 They may say that if the economic is in a very bad situation , people would revolt instantly , while environmental problems seem to be more like chronic diseases that would not burst out right away .	1
852	 However , the truth is that we ' ve been encountering so many sighs and warnings of global climate anomalies and other environmental crisis right now .	1
853	 It would be unwise to still deny the truth and keep focusing on economic developments and unfortunately , usually the economic developments are even the causes of environmental damages .	1
854	 In conclusion , environmental conservation is more essential than economic developments in the aspects of urgency and ranges of influence .	1
855	 As mentioned in the second paragraph , how can a man live happily if he is unhealthy ?	0
856	 Similarly , how can we live safely and joyfully when our home is devastated by , ironically , by ourselves ?	0
857	 University students should attend classes or not ?	0
858	 In university education , students are given much independence in the ways of learning .	0
859	 Some students still rely on classes to keep up with the courses , while some students don ' t feel the need to attend classes because they believe that they can handle the exams .	0
860	 These different ideas of learning methods lead to a question whether it is necessary for university students to attend the class as long as they can pass their examinations .	0
861	 In my opinion , I believe that students should always attend class no matter what the outcome of the exam is .	1
862	 First , in terms of learning , attending class is more effective than simply studying alone to pass the exams .	1
863	 Classes are designed diligently for the students and professors absolutely bear more knowledge than the students .	1
864	 Professors not only have the knowledge , but also equip with experiences , knowing how to guide their students toward their academic achievements .	1
865	 Second , it ' s students ' basic responsibility to attend class .	1
866	 Attending class is the most persuasive way for the students to show respect to the professor as well as themselves .	1
867	 Many professors grade their students with class attendances .	1
868	 In other words , class attendances are regarded as critical as examination performances .	1
869	 Those who even achieve high scores on exams could fail if they didn ' t show up in the classes .	1
870	 Some people might argue that if students already understand the contents on the class enough to pass the exams or they can study the course on their own .	1
871	 Why wasting time going to classes ?	0
872	 Doesn ' t self - study more efficient ?	0
873	 However , in my opinion , this is a rather immodest way of thinking .	1
874	 I believe that professors can always give students more than students themselves could because of the experiences and their qualifications as professors .	1
875	 Besides , even if students believe that they are so brilliant to surpass their professors , they can still go to the classes to discuss with professors and classmates .	1
876	 In conclusion , students can learn more thoroughly as well as showing respect for professors and themselves through attending classes .	1
877	 It ' s an essential learning process .	1
878	 Passing the exams is not the terminal purpose of learning .	0
879	 The learning process itself , however , is the most important and powerful way of evaluating a student .	0
880	 Sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own	0
881	 Different people prefer different styles of learning .	0
882	 I think both learning by myself and learning with a teacher could be helpful .	1
883	 Learning with a teacher can prevent one from being confused and increase the rate and speed of learning .	1
884	 Another important point is that for practical subjects you have to have a teacher .	1
885	 On the other hand , sometimes I would rather learning on my own .	1
886	 A good and experienced teacher can help me learn faster and easier .	1
887	 Sometimes when learning a course by myself which is hard and confusing to understand and has few sources available , I get discouraged after spending a lot of time .	1
888	 In this situation , I ' ll look for a teacher and request for help from him or her .	1
889	 And then he or she will teach me the course efficiently in a short time and therefore I will learn faster and better and won ' t get discouraged and confused .	1
890	 There are some practical subjects that you can only learn them with a teacher or an instructor .	1
891	 For example , if you want to learn driving a car or some jobs like medicine and engineering and some sports like skiing and swimming , you ' ll have to find a teacher .	1
892	 It ' s almost impossible and inefficient to learn those things on your own .	1
893	 By the way , if you are going to learn some things by yourself , you may learn and understand them incorrectly !	1
894	 For example , from my own experiences , after I had started learning playing the guitar without a teacher , I got used to wrong habits regarding strumming and tempo , but after finding and learning with a tutor and identifying and eliminating those incorrect habits , I was able to play properly .	1
895	 There are some things that I prefer to learn them without a teacher because I won ' t have to spend extra money for a teacher and my time will not be wasted either because of going to classes .	1
896	 In today ' s world there are many great and useful sources available like books , electronic books , the internet and TV and satellite .	1
897	 I can utilize them as tutorials for many things .	1
898	 For instance , I can learn English or other languages by a lot of helpful books and many online websites .	1
899	 In sum , sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own .	1
900	 In my view , both can help and each of them has its own advantages and disadvantages .	1
901	 Once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success	0
902	 Achieving success is everybody ' s goal for life and there are absolutely many different directions that can lead people to success .	0
903	 Some people choose to be normal to wait for chances , while some other people prefer to be different from everyone else .	0
904	 Which one is the promising way to succeed ?	0
905	 In my opinion , I believe that once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success .	1
906	 First , being positively different from everyone else usually means that you ' ve achieved something that is superior than others .	1
907	 As living in a competent world , we are like playing a survival game .	1
908	 Only who has the sharpest weapon can survive .	1
909	 If you don ' t make yourself outstanding enough or you fail to distinguish yourself from others , you will be easily replaced and eliminated by someone who is better than you .	1
910	 Take myself for example , when I was in college , I was always chosen to be the presenter of group report because I was the only one in my group who could present the report thoroughly and fluently .	1
911	 Second , being unique can create your own value which can never be taken by others .	1
912	 In other words , once you are special and unique , pursuing success is a matter of actively creating the fashion rather than passively waiting for other people to recognize and appreciate you .	1
913	 Take the most popular and prestigious technology company - Apple - for example .	1
914	 The reason why it gains such a tremendous success is because it achieves some brilliant qualities that can never be caught up by other competitors .	1
915	 It has its operating systems that can run smoother than any other companies and its design always wins the popularity among consumers .	1
916	 It is the uniqueness of Apple design that creates its own value .	1
917	 In conclusion , being different and unique is the better way to achieve success .	1
918	 It not only shows your competence but also creates your own value , making you take the lead in your way towards success .	1
919	 Younger school children should study art and music	0
920	 Undoubtedly , math , language , science and history are all extremely important subjects in student ' s education since these subjects provide students the basic understanding of the world .	0
921	 Therefore , some people assert that there is no need to learn other subjects for younger students .	0
922	 Nevertheless , the art and music , from my point of view , are also essential for younger student ' s future life because those subjects help students learn this planet from another perspective and they can release people from the enormous pressure nowadays .	1
923	 In this case , I would definitely agree that the art and music should be required to study .	1
924	 First of all , art and music would broaden student ' s horizon and therefore make them thoughtful .	1
925	 It is well known that the art and music are not bound by country border , and they are something that is shared by the people from every parts of this world and is symbols of various cultures .	1
926	 Under this circumstance , learning art and music enables students to appreciate the fruits of eminent artists and musicians and to feel the fascination of different cultures .	1
927	 For instance , students are able to feel the greatest music masterpiece in Euopren as the symphony of destiny - Beethoven ' s most notable workpiece is played .	1
928	 In addition , studying art and music is also the appropriate outlets of stress and superb ways to relax .	1
929	 Obviously , with the improvement of life rhythm , people have currently suffered too much pressure from their studies or jobs , and these pressure are likely to destroy one person if he cannot find a way to emancipate himself .	1
930	 Art and music are , of course most accessible tools for modern people to liberate themselves from the extremely stressful life .	1
931	 When enjoying one piece of brilliant paintings , such as the Mona Lisa , people would put all their pressure down on the ground and just think about what the most proficient and mysterious smile in this world stands for .	1
932	 At this moment , they would totally involve in the ocean of art and their stressful nervous would be relieved .	1
933	 Apparently , this sense towards art is built on the initial study on the art .	1
934	 Admittedly , the study of art and music is supposed to rely on younger student ' s own interest .	1
935	 The education of art and music would not work if students resist it .	1
936	 Thus , the school should replace some basic science class with some art and music class in order to cultivate student ' s interest of art without adding extra study pressure .	1
937	 In a nutshell , in the modern society , since understanding of the lengthen and depth of the world is important and meanwhile people have burdened excessive pressure , younger students ' art and music education should not take the second place .	1
938	 Challenges are different from generation to generation	0
939	 While debating about generation issues , people always have different opinions .	0
940	 Some people believe that little things changed through generation , while others claim that generation differences are presented in every way .	0
941	 In my opinion , I believe that every prospective between generations alters and especially the challenges for this generation are significantly different from the last generation .	1
942	 First , under globalization and industrial integration , the work - related challenges for this generation are getting more complicated and challenging .	1
943	 The successful people are those who can quickly respond to this rapid - changing world .	0
944	 In the past , focusing on one skill was enough to deal with the problems because every industry was rather small in size and simple to manage .	1
945	 However , as those industries expand and become internationalized , people are required to equip with multiple skills to answer those challenges .	1
946	 For example , now there are more chances to do business with people around the world , so besides one ' s own profession , language ability is essential as well .	1
947	 For another example , financial crimes are rampant in the 21st century , thus surging up demands for those who excel at both laws and financial management .	1
948	 Second , this generation is encountering the self - recognition issue which could not be experienced by the previous generation .	1
949	 The past generation was given less freedom and was usually asked to follow the paths their parents had prepared for them .	1
950	 In contrast , young people in this generation are exposed to more creative ideas and rather think individually .	1
951	 They are eager for finding who they are and what they really want .	1
952	 It is fortunate that they can struggle with these sweet worries and these worries are indeed never easy for them .	1
953	 They have to make decisions between so many possibilities and they are responsible for taking the consequences .	1
954	 In conclusion , challenges for this generation are more complicated and diverse than the past generation , whether in career or in self - identification .	1
955	 It is hard to judge which generation ' s problems are more difficult but it is no doubt that until the next generation , there will be whole new challenges waiting for the next youngsters .	1
956	 Whether it is better to have broad knowledge or not	0
957	 Views differ considerably when it comes to the issue of whether having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .	0
958	 Some people believe that having a broad knowledge can give you a higher chance to success , while others think that professional in a specific subject is the key to enroll a success .	0
959	 Both of the opposite arguments appear to be somewhat convincing and stand to reason .	0
960	 As far as I am concerned , having a large scale of different knowledge is the key to success .	1
961	 The following will present my points .	0
962	 First of all , when one knows different region ' s works , it will help one to get a friend much easier .	1
963	 For example , I worked in a large company , which has many different departments .	0
964	 I was in the Management Information System department .	0
965	 What we do every day is to solve the problem that our clients asked in the phone .	0
966	 While some of the problems are the Engineering department ' s part , I went there and discussed with the colleagues there , since I have studied some of the engineering courses .	1
967	 It is much easier for us to contact than any other person in my department , which made me popular there , and much easier to get the help that I need .	1
968	 Second , when you want to translate your major , it is important to know some of the things about different fields .	1
969	 Take my cousin Jeff and his friend as an example .	0
970	 They majored in financing when they were in college .	0
971	 But , they decided to enroll in the art system after graduated .	0
972	 Thanks to Jeff ' s hard working during his leisure time , he learned a lot about the history of art .	1
973	 Things ended up that he joined in a great team , while his friend who only knew financing issues can do nothing but worked in a bank .	1
974	 Although I agree with the idea that knowing different fields is important .	0
975	 I think I still have to point out that there are some different points of view .	0
976	 People who hold different opinion may argue that if one can ' t success one ' s own major , what else things he can do in different filed .	1
977	 Of course , it may be true when talking about this topic .	0
978	 However , what if one finally find out him or her has the talent in other filed .	1
979	 In this way , it won ' t be a problem at all .	0
980	 In conclusion , given the reasons described above , when the advantages and disadvantages of whether having the knowledge in different fields is better or not are carefully compared .	0
981	 The best choice is obviously stand on my side , which is that a broad knowledge of different subjects is really important .	1
982	 Successful people try new things and take risks	0
983	 I have my own reasons why I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks .	0
984	 There are many viewpoints regarding what the main characteristics of successful people are .	0
985	 In my opinion , one of the main reasons for supporting this statement is that successful people can learn important and very valuable points from trying new things .	1
986	 The other reason is that great success requires taking great risks .	1
987	 There are always interesting and useful experiences that successful people can learn them only by trying new things .	1
988	 For example , if you want to know how to act effectively when communicating with people , you can try something new like salesmanship in various stores and places .	1
989	 By selling goods or other commodities you will face different people with different behaviors and personalities and as a result you will learn how to behave people in different situations and jobs in the future .	1
990	 These experiences can only be obtained by trying new things and can ' t be always found in books .	1
991	 I do believe that great success requires taking great risks .	1
992	 If you want to gain very high profits in investments , you should use great and very high amounts of money in very risky financial decisions and dealings in which you may lose much amount of money .	1
993	 If you want to achieve a remarkable success in an important exam , you should risk studying all the time and sacrificing your free time and your favorite hobbies .	1
994	 The more you take risks , the greater your successes will be .	1
995	 If you don ' t take any risks , you will have an ordinary life with average successes .	1
996	 That ' s why it is important to take risks .	1
997	 In sum , I believe that success and trying new things and taking risks go hand in hand and to achieve success you should consider them .	1
998	 TV has adverse effects on friends and family	0
999	 Nowdays there are different resources to entertain , educate and inform people .	0
1000	 One of this resource is television ; however television has some negative effects among some people .	0
1001	 Therefore , I agree that Television has destroyed communication among friends and family .	1
1002	 Some People spend a lot of time watching television , others even eat watching television , and some others make of this media a priority .	1
1003	 First of all , some people spend a lot of time watching television .	1
1004	 Instead of spend time with family and friends , they like to seat on a chair for hours .	1
1005	 I know someone who wakes up in the morning and before even eat he turns the television on , he even records the programs he cannot watch during work hours .	1
1006	 Sometimes his wife wants to talk before they go to work , but he only let her talk during commercials .	1
1007	 So , she is used to his habit that she prefers to write him an email .	1
1008	 Time with the family is gold , some people have to realize that and take quality of time to talk to them .	1
1009	 Another way television has destroyed communication is when some people cannot even seat at the table and have dinner with the family .	1
1010	 This is the time , when if they have children , they can share everything about school , a project and even concerns .	1
1011	 Also , when there is a dinner with friends , some people do not have a fluid conversation because the television is again in between them .	1
1012	 When family or friends gather together to have a good time eating and talking , this is not the reality in some cases .	1
1013	 Finally , some people make the television a priority .	1
1014	 I remember a friend told me one day that because she was watching a telenovela I could not go to her house a certain time during the night .	1
1015	 Honestly , I was in shock !	0
1016	 How she could say that to me ? .	0
1017	 As I have said , television is a great tool to learn , entertain and inform what is happening , but I agree that television has destroyed communication among friends and family as soon as television become a priority , spend a lot of time watching it and eat in front of the television .	1
1018	 Spending equal amount of money on libraries and sports ?	0
1019	 University students can be divided into two groups , one group with less interest to study and the other which include hard working students .	0
1020	 Usually the second group ' s members do not have enough time to do exercise .	0
1021	 We all know doing exercise for at least 30 minutes form the basis of the healthy and happy life .	0
1022	 But I don ' t think that equal amount of money should be spent on academic issues like libraries and laboratories and physical or social activities .	1
1023	 First , in my view spending too much money for equipping the gyms or constructing football / basketball courts are really not necessary to encourage students to do sports .	1
1024	 For example , my roommate , Mary , always wakes up 6 in the morning and spends 1 hour doing sport in the park which is near our dormitory .	1
1025	 When she gets to the dorm , she is really full of energy and after taking a shower , she is ready to start a good day .	1
1026	 As you see , she is doing exercise without spending a cent .	1
1027	 What the university should do is informing the students the benefits of doing sport by hanging some posters in the campus , inviting some athletes to lecture for students and encourage them to spend some time for their body and health .	1
1028	 In addition , students choose their major based on their interests .	1
1029	 The university should provide the best equipment needed for physical education students .	1
1030	 Because their major in completely involved in physical activities .	1
1031	 In contrast , for an engineer or a medicine student I do not find it fair enough to equip gyms instead of their laboratories , because it really make the students enthusiastic to use innovative technology to learn and maybe find new things in their field .	1
1032	 Finally , spending money on social activities looks like wasting money .	1
1033	 For students who want to gather with their friends or want to go out to meet new people , university programs are the last place they would choose .	1
1034	 For example when I and my friends want to spend time with each other , we prefer to go out of university to the places where we do not want to be disturbed by any familiar people .	1
1035	 In conclusion , I do not deny the importance of doing sports in the success of university students , but I think both sports and social activities should not receive equal amount of money with libraries and laboratories .	1
1036	 Ability to Relate Well to people Vs Studying Hard	0
1037	 To agree or disagree the statement that as far as getting a successful job in the future concerned , good ability of relating to people is more crucial than studying hard in the univeirsity is a matter of balancing its pros and cons .	0
1038	 However , if one coniders the issue carefully , he or she may agree the title statement as I do .	0
1039	 First of all , friends is a treasure with respect to either our daylife or our career .	1
1040	 Relating well to people can bring plenty of merits to future job .	1
1041	 Having a good ability of relate to people means you have a number of friends in a variety of fields , imagine when you are in trouble , you have a lot of people who have good relationship with you , so you can ask for your friends to help you solve this problem as soon as possible , even an esy phone call , instend of a series of complex solutions .	1
1042	 Futuermore , no matter who you are a top - level managers of a company or a low - level employee of that company , relating well to people is also a importent issue .	1
1043	 If top - level managers want to make a project successful , have a good relationship with their subordinaries is the prerequisit for the managers ' work complete successfully , managers should listen to their employees needs and complaints about this job , pay much patiant and care to them .	1
1044	 Consequently , make a good relationship with them .	1
1045	 On the other side , if a low - level employee desire to enhance his position , it ' s fairly important to have a good relationship with their boss , only if the employee is considered excellent in his boss ' s eyes , he will be more possible to enhance position .	1
1046	 However , someone may maintain that good specify knowledge is more crucial for future job .	1
1047	 Studying harder in school , getting a good resume and absorbing lots of working knowledge , which can make these graduates more competitive than other applicants in one certain job .	1
1048	 But imagine it , a person who is good at working knowledge but has an poorly relate to people , and a person who has a good ability of relating to people but his working knowledge is less better than the former , which person do you want to be ?	0
1049	 I think majority of people would choose the former because it has more chance than the latter in terms of getting good jobs in the future .	1
1050	 In my point of view , I do really prefer to improve my ability of relating people and make more friends rather than studying hard in school .	1
1051	 It is essential to have ability to plan and organize	0
1052	 With the fast rolling wheels of modern society , life becomes more complex and is not easy to handle than in the past .	0
1053	 Therefore , it is essential for people , especially young ones , to possess the ability to plan and organize since it can improve the efficiency and reduce the crisis of our actions .	1
1054	 Meanwhile , eliminating meaningless actions .	0
1055	 First of all , great planning and organizing ability is able to cause our actions more efficient and productive .	1
1056	 Take myself as an example , I used to be overwhelmed by the burden of preparing for the final exam , submitting my paper , and finishing my internship work at the end of each term .	1
1057	 Yet , in this year , following the suggestion of my roommate , John , I make a to - do list to plan and organize perfectly everything I should get done in the final and hence take every tasks and trivials into control .	1
1058	 This plan ability helps me a lot , making me climb to the top rank of the class while finishing everything else .	1
1059	 Equally important , the capacity to plan and organize also help young people to eliminate the crisis in their actions , which may ruin one ' s whole effort over a very long time .	1
1060	 As we all know , the employees in every company have to create profit as much as they can for their supervisors and complete their assignments perfectly .	1
1061	 If some employees lack the ability to plan and organize ahead , they may get the procrastination and therefore take into action until the deadline is imminent .	1
1062	 However , things have been changing all the time .	0
1063	 For instance , the deadline of task is shifted to an earlier date for the change of company ' s schedule .	1
1064	 In this case , those employees who did not plan and finish their assignments ahead of time perhaps are unable to finish these tasks on time and therefore will be penalized or get fired .	1
1065	 Every employee can not afford this kind of loss .	1
1066	 Finally , some assert that the ability to plan and organize can be learned until obtaining a job .	1
1067	 Thus , it is not need for young people to possess this ability .	1
1068	 Nevertheless , this ability is also essential for young people since young people can overcome their bad habits and fulfill their goals more quickly with this ability .	1
1069	 As searching information on the internet , young people are probably distracted by other attractions such as online games or social webs .	1
1070	 At this circumstances , they would surf on the internet for hours and end up no where .	1
1071	 It is obviously a huge waste of time .	1
1072	 But if they make their plan in the first place , and then stick to their plans , they could get their work done quickly beyond their imagination .	1
1073	 In this complex society , we , young people , are encompassed with multiple tasks , so the ability to plan and organize is undoubtedly a powerful and sharp weapon that we must be armed with .	1
1074	 Students should attend to classes or it should be optional ?	0
1075	 Nowadays , it is often claimed that attending classes has a lot of benefits for students and provide them with a variety of learning opportunities ( options ) as well .	0
1076	 On the contrary to this popular belief , there are still those who subscribe to this view that having a choice for attending classes enable students to study at home and through this way they do not waste their time for commuting and also they can save their money .	0
1077	 However , I am inclined to believe that being present at classes seems a wiser option .	1
1078	 First and foremost , I truly believe that being present at classes provide students with opportunity of communicating with other students that is beneficial for understanding new material by reviewing them throughout the free times in college .	1
1079	 Also , they can help each other for learning materials better .	1
1080	 However , if they do not attend classes they cannot use the help of others for assisting them to comprehend difficult problems .	1
1081	 Another significant fact which should be taken into consideration is that by the help of teachers , students can understand ideas faster and easier since teachers explain them thoroughly in the class and after that give them a lot of examples to clarify the points .	1
1082	 In this way attending classes not only wastes their time but also facilitates their understanding process that takes them less time for comprehending materials in comparison with self - study .	1
1083	 Finally yet importantly , appearing in class makes students more conscientious since they have to obey class ' s disciplines and they practice to be more perseverance in the process of doing their assignments .	1
1084	 However , the ones who choose to study at home do not have any discipline for their studies and cannot force themselves to study in particular times .	1
1085	 Through this way , they may miss some important parts in virtue of the chaotic and incoherent study .	1
1086	 On the basis of the points mentioned above , I convinced that communicating and studying with peer group is a good way for learning materials .	1
1087	 Moreover , teachers have a conspicuous role in assisting students for learning materials that being present at classes is a requisite for benefiting it .	1
1088	 Also , attending to classes makes students more attentive and have them to do their studies on time that this attitude lead them to success .	1
1089	 Telephones and emails have made personal communication less required	0
1090	 There are many advantage of these invention , telephones and email .	0
1091	 Communication between people by using telephones and email made my life easier .	1
1092	 I personally disagree with this notion that these types of communication , telephones and email , made people less personal .	1
1093	 I will give several reasons to support my opinion .	0
1094	 To begin with , telephones and email help people , who live far away from other people , to connect each other .	1
1095	 Unlike email , send message by using mail service could be lost and could be sent to wrong address .	1
1096	 I can using telephones and email to talk or write directly to people I want to connect with .	1
1097	 For example , right now , I am in the U . S .	0
1098	 It is not possible to have conversation in person with my parents , who live in my country .	1
1099	 Consequently , I can make a phone call or write email to my parents whenever I want .	1
1100	 Telephones and email made me feel close to my parents .	1
1101	 Second , using telephones and email could express some important words better than face - to - face communication .	1
1102	 For instant , sometime when I argue with my friends , I cannot express my self to my friends at that moment .	1
1103	 So , when I have a time to realize what had happened , I could explain the real thought that I want to express without emotion .	1
1104	 Thus , these types of communications make me feel personal .	1
1105	 Telephones and email make me feel personal because I could directly connect with people that I love .	1
1106	 Beside , I could express my personal thought through telephones and email .	1
1107	 As a result , I believe that telephones and email do not make communication between people less personal .	1
1108	 Big city vs small town	0
1109	 I highly prefer living in a big city to living in countryside .	1
1110	 The big cities have lots of advantages and facilities over the small towns .	1
1111	 Where a person lives and grow up is very important to his future life , because the environment that a person grow up , build the personality and his / her culture .	1
1112	 There are lots of social places in big cities like restaurants , museums , bars , sporting clubs , cinemas , theatre and etc .	1
1113	 People in big cities have many options to enjoy their life and spend their times with their friends in social places in contrary to people living in small towns who have few choices and at most cases one bar or one cinema to socialize with their friends .	1
1114	 In big cities educational facilities is quite better than small towns with more experienced and profession teachers .	1
1115	 It ' s undisputed that in this modern world education has a very important role in the human kind future life .	1
1116	 Better education results better career and been well paid .	1
1117	 So persons in big cities have more chance to get the better job than people living in small towns .	1
1118	 Also lots of companies placed in big cities and there are more job positions in there than small towns .	1
1119	 But by living in big cities one sacrifices quiet and peaceful life with breathing fresh air and loses much time in traffic and anyway for transportation , because distances in big cities often are too far to pass quickly .	1
1120	 Every technology has it ' s good and bad effects but I prefer having the technologies with their disadvantages to living like 16 century without any of modern facilities of technology .	1
1121	 In addition to what mentioned , medical technologies is completely better in big cities and in my view this profit overcomes all the bad influences of technologies on human kind .	1
1122	 In conclusion , in my view living in big cities is quite funnier and better and more exciting than living in small towns because of many more social places , technologies facilities , better education and medical services .	1
1123	 Which do you prefer : do only what you already do well , or not .	0
1124	 You may love to try new things and take risks even if you aren ' t good at the things .	0
1125	 That may help you expand experiences , look for your personalities and find your new talents .	0
1126	 This ideal , however , doesn ' t necessarily be accomplished .	0
1127	 If not , you might lose another chance that you could use to accomplish other things .	0
1128	 So , I definitely believe that you should focus on what you are good at .	1
1129	 Focusing what you are good at helps you attain your goal .	1
1130	 Without doubt , the more time you spend on what you do well , the more likely to achieve something great you will be .	1
1131	 For instance , Albert Einstein , one of the most competent physicians in history , devoted most of his life to develop theory in physics and finally established special and general relativity .	1
1132	 Instead , he hardly cared about something else .	1
1133	 It is said that , surprisingly , he never tried to distinguish a hand soup and a facial soup because , at least for him , using two different soups properly was quite annoying .	1
1134	 As the example above indicates , you will be more likely to accomplish your purpose by concentrating on what you do well .	1
1135	 If you keep doing what you already do well , you can be better good at it .	1
1136	 When you ' re doing something well , you will feel more satisfied and more interested in it .	1
1137	 Then , you will motivate yourself to do more .	1
1138	 To give an example , I used to be good at math when I was in junior high school .	1
1139	 Because I was really satisfied with the fact that I could do preferably , I became to absorb myself to try more advanced level of math problems .	1
1140	 As a result , I could not only get higher scores in math test but also solve the university - level problems .	1
1141	 Thus , by doing what you are good at , you will be better at it .	1
1142	 In summary , doing what you can already do well helps you make a big accomplishment and do it much better .	1
1143	 Children managing their own money - best way to learn responsibility	0
1144	 One of the best characteristics of a mature adult is responsibility , specially in financially matters .	0
1145	 Actually what is the best way to learn responsibility ?	0
1146	 many people argue about learning their children the financial responsibility in young ages or in adulthood .	0
1147	 I am a kind of person who believes to children should learn to manage their own money at a young age , due to reasons that I stated below .	1
1148	 The first important point that I want to make is that sociologists found that our characteristics and personality forms early in life , even though when we are not borne .	1
1149	 So it is crucial to learn our children as soon as possible to learn financially issues .	1
1150	 To clarify my point I would like to say a memory from my childhood , when I was at age 7 my father gave me monthly money to buy thing that I liked .	1
1151	 First time I spend the whole money to eat at school and my money finished .	1
1152	 I asked my father for extra money , but he refuse to give it to me .	1
1153	 I found that I should manage the way that I spend money .	1
1154	 From then I learned to be economical and now I have every thing I wanted .	1
1155	 Another aspect of learning children to manage their money is on the finance of the family .	0
1156	 If parents get the children all they wanted , they would be run out of their money for their essential needs .	1
1157	 Even in rich families if children did not learn to manage their own money , when they grow up they will become unappreciative and dependent persons who want to just used their parents prosperity .	1
1158	 As a case in point , I had a friend to had a rich and prosperous family , his parent gave him everything he demanded from his childhood .	1
1159	 He became an arrogant person who could not stand on his feet and always asked for money .	1
1160	 His parent tried a lot and hired some experts to learn him manage his financial and carrier life , but unfortunately it was useless .	1
1161	 Finally one night , having fun with his irresponsible friend in his luxuries car , he crashed a truck and died .	1
1162	 Not only did he cause lots of damage to the society property , but also bring sorry to his family .	1
1163	 Although some people argue that children should be free to spend money to they what they want , In my opinion it is very important to learn our children from their beginning of their life to be financially responsible persons , because our personality form in childhood and it is not easy to change it in adulthood .	1
1164	 Dancing plays an important role in a culture .	0
1165	 In every country , people do dance for fun , for entertrain , and for decrease a stress .	0
1166	 Dancing is also one of important parts of culture that represent to something that people believe .	0
1167	 Many cultures do dance to show a great prosperous of its culture .	0
1168	 And also dancing to entertain people .	0
1169	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
1170	 First , dancing are significant part of culture that could show to something that people believe .	1
1171	 For example , some culture people believe that they dance in order to sacrifice to their god so they will be get a happy life .	1
1172	 Or some part of the world that are in arid area believe that if they danced , the rain would come .	1
1173	 Consequently , dancing are the part of people belief .	1
1174	 Secondly , dancing can represent to civilization of that culture .	1
1175	 For instance , I have seen many western movies that when a kingdom have visitor from another kingdom , king or queen would dance to show a splendid of their kingdom culture .	1
1176	 The way of movement , the way that they costume and also a music while they dance .	1
1177	 All this is a civilization of their culture .	1
1178	 Thirdly , many culture , people have many ways to entertain themselves .	1
1179	 And dancing is one of that ways .	1
1180	 Both people who see and dance also have a good time .	1
1181	 For example , many event , such as christmas , last christmas I went to mall to buy gifts , and I was entertained by group of people in santa custom dancing in christmas song .	1
1182	 I felt that people around me happy and group of santas also happy to see people happy .	1
1183	 In conclusion , I strongly agree with notion that dancing is an important part of culture because dancing are represent to believe of people .	1
1184	 Besides , dancing could show how civilization of that culture is .	1
1185	 Moreover , people use dancing to entertain themselves .	1
1186	 So dancing is important in every culture .	1
1187	 The internet provides a lot of valuable information	0
1188	 In the modern society , internet is considered as one of the most important inventions over the past century .	0
1189	 Some people believe that several problems occur from an information on the internet .	0
1190	 However , some say that the internet provides a lot of valuable information .	1
1191	 In my opinion , I agree with the latter because the internet gives daily necessary information , people can gain knowledge and they can explore the world .	1
1192	 First of all , everybody would like to know what is going on around the world in their everyday lives .	1
1193	 Sometimes , they want an information that can help them in daily life which the internet can provide all of these to people .	1
1194	 For example , a businessman who has no time to watch a television or read a newspaper can receive news and check stock markets easily via the internet .	1
1195	 In addition , people can gain more knowledge by using the internet , the most useful technology in the world .	1
1196	 Many people such as students can take online courses to study at home or they can watch beneficial videos which also teach them knowledge .	1
1197	 Not only students but also everyone could get more information and knowledge .	1
1198	 For instance , people who have problems with their health can search for more information about it .	1
1199	 Last but not least , The internet makes the world becomes smaller which is a good thing .	1
1200	 This is because people who have no time or have financial problems could travel around the world by using the internet .	1
1201	 They can see lots of picture and videos of many interesting places .	1
1202	 Moreover , people can learn other countries ' s culture and tradition which makes them have more knowledge about that nations .	1
1203	 To conclude , people are satisfied with the internet and sometimes even thanks it because it helps us in studying , doing business and exploring the world .	1
1204	 With valuable information it provides , people can enjoy their lives much more .	1
1205	 Universities require students to study many subjects or specialize in one subject	0
1206	 University is the place that provides people knowledge and skills to use in their real life .	0
1207	 Some universities require students to study in one subject .	0
1208	 On the contrary , others require students to study in several subjects .	0
1209	 In my point of view , studying many subjects is better that one because students can study in subjects that they interested in , they can gain knowledge more than one field and they will have more chance to choose their future .	1
1210	 First of all , when students finished their high schools , they are confused about subjects that they are going to choose to study in universities .	1
1211	 This is because they interested in many subjects and they want to try them all .	1
1212	 For example , pupil who want to study science are also like to learn music .	1
1213	 Therefore , requiring students to study in many subjects is good for them .	1
1214	 In addition , people who know a wide range of is better than people who know just one .	1
1215	 Students can gain more knowledge in every different subjects thy study .	1
1216	 For instance , university students who study business are also know history of the world .	1
1217	 Furthermore , students not only gain knowledge but they also have more experience because they will meet new friends and teachers .	1
1218	 Hence , they all can share opinion and knowledge to one another .	1
1219	 Finally , students who graduated with a variety of courses during university and lots of experience are definitely have more opportunity to choose their future or career .	1
1220	 This is because graduates can work in various kind of works which they can select a job they prefer .	1
1221	 For example , students will choose a career that they want including the job with high salary include .	1
1222	 Moreover , bachelors can earn lots of money by working in other fields due to their knowledge .	1
1223	 In concluding , learning several subjects in universities is better than specialize in one subject because it makes students have more chance to gain knowledge to use in their lives and opportunity to choose their own future .	1
1224	 Governments should spend money on space exploration or for basic needs of people	0
1225	 Although developing technologies to discover amazing thing in galaxy is interesting , there are many people in the world are in poverty or starvation .	0
1226	 Thus , these technologies mean nothing if people lack of prosperity .	0
1227	 Therefore , in my opinion , I accede with notion that government should pay attention on basic needs of people first .	1
1228	 First , as you can see that after great economic recession , many people in many countries were unemployed .	1
1229	 Then , many people did not have money .	0
1230	 When people did not have money , They had to rob other people .	1
1231	 There were increasing in criminal rate in many cities .	1
1232	 Consequently , quality of life were dropping and this make people unhappy .	1
1233	 So that , government should invest to create more jobs .	1
1234	 When people have jobs , they did not have to steal money .	1
1235	 Therefore , criminal rate were drop .	1
1236	 Thus , people have a good quality life .	1
1237	 Second , environment is also important issue that everyone depend on it .	1
1238	 Nowaday , industrial in many countries still emit high intense of carbon dioxide , which caused of greenhouse effect .	1
1239	 Greenhouse effect causes of climate change .	1
1240	 These impact on every living creature in the world .	1
1241	 So , government take care of this issue by declare regulate to control emission of carbon dioxide .	1
1242	 In addition to controlling emission carbon dioxide , government should invest in alternative energy such as using solar energy instead of coal energy .	1
1243	 If we lived in good environment , our life would be better .	1
1244	 Lastly , family is a root of society .	1
1245	 If everyone in family did not have time to spend with each other , that family could have problems , If family had problems , it mean society could have problems .	1
1246	 When society had problems , it could impact to a nation .	1
1247	 Thus , government should create campaign to fill love to family .	1
1248	 For example , setting event once a week to gather everyone in family to spend time with each other .	1
1249	 When family understand each other , it mean society and a nation will not have much trouble .	1
1250	 In conclusion , I personally agree with statement that government should spend money on basic people needs .	1
1251	 The basic needs : jobs , good environment , and love in family .	0
1252	 These three issues are the most important basic needs of people in my opinion that government should pay attention on to improve quality life of people .	1
1253	 Best ways of reducing stress : listening to music , exercise , meditation	0
1254	 Nowadays , we are living in in the world which is absolutely complicated .	0
1255	 Everything seem to be rush , and it have a lot of competition .	0
1256	 These make people get stress .	0
1257	 Thus , many people try to reduce their stress .	0
1258	 There are many activities that could relieve those people who are in stress . in my opinion , reducing stress by listening to music , playing sports , and doing meditation are easy and practical ways .	1
1259	 First of all , listening to music is a great way to relax .	1
1260	 For example , when I go to office , I use public transport .	0
1261	 I see many things such as traffic jam , crowded people at bus stop , and all so crowded people in buses .	0
1262	 These make me stress .	0
1263	 So that I always listen music from my mp3 player .	1
1264	 I could enjoy listening music without thinking of people around me .	1
1265	 Consequently , I feel happy when I listen music .	1
1266	 Second , another way that is perfectly work for everyone to reduce the stress is exercise .	1
1267	 For instance , I alway have many things in my mind such as a difficult of my work that I have to finish in time .	0
1268	 These problem sometime make me hard to fall asleep because it make me stress .	0
1269	 Thus , after work , I always do exercise , and jogging is my favorite sport .	1
1270	 I feel that after working out , I am easily to fall asleep .	1
1271	 Exercising not only reduce my stress but also make me get a good health .	1
1272	 Third , meditation also one of the ways to reduce the stress . when I have many things to think about , and this make me stress , I will do meditation .	1
1273	 Meditation is easy way to relax because it is not require any equipment , and it take few minutes .	1
1274	 A way to do meditation is that I just sit down , close my eyes , and count my breath .	1
1275	 These could relieve me from stress .	1
1276	 In conclusion , there are many ways to reduce the stress .	0
1277	 In my point of view , listening to music , exercising , and doing meditation are the most activities that people could do to escape from stress .	1
1278	 It is are easy and usable .	1
1279	 And everyone should find the time to do more and more to feel better physically and in everyone mind .	1
1280	 Should teachers be paid according to how much their students learn ?	0
1281	 Everyone is different .	0
1282	 Although students are in the same process of education system , learning abilities in each students are not equal .	0
1283	 Some students are fast learner , but some students are not .	0
1284	 Thus , paying for teacher base on grade that students got is not appropriate , and it is not fair for teacher .	1
1285	 So that , I disagree with this notion .	0
1286	 To begin with , in schools , main task of teacher to give knowledge to students , and this role have to finish in time . there are certain period of time for teachers to teach .	1
1287	 In these short time , it is not possible for teachers to pay attention to individual students in class .	1
1288	 Teachers have to manage to teach every topics by schedule .	1
1289	 If teachers pay attention to specific students , their work might not finish on time , and this might make many student miss some field in topics that they should know .	1
1290	 Second , learning abilities in each students is different .	1
1291	 It is not possible that they all comprehend all lessons in the same period of time .	1
1292	 Some students might understand all topics that they had learnt but some are not .	1
1293	 Therefore , testing result are different .	1
1294	 This problems depend on how hard study they do .	1
1295	 It is not teachers fault .	1
1296	 Thus , teachers should not be paid by testing result that students get .	1
1297	 Lastly , there could lead to a big problem if schools pay teachers by grade that students get .	1
1298	 That is problem in quality of education .	1
1299	 Teacher may not care about how they have to teach to make students understand the topics .	1
1300	 Teachers may just give high grades to get higher salary .	1
1301	 This problem should not be happened .	1
1302	 Therefore , grade that students get should not be in evaluating teacher .	1
1303	 In conclusion , I totally disagree with this statement that teachers should be paid by how much their students learn because teacher could not pay attention to each students in class .	1
1304	 Besides , learning abilities of student are different .	1
1305	 Moreover , there are problems if paying teacher by grade students get .	1
1306	 Should good people are rewarded and bad people are punished in movies or dramas ?	0
1307	 When we watch movies or dramas , some of us like to see good people have a good ending and bad people are punished .	0
1308	 While there are also some people who do not like this .	0
1309	 Personally , I prefer to see good people get rewarded .	0
1310	 However , if the good people always get an happy ending , I don ' t think it ' s proper .	1
1311	 First , if all the story end up in the same way , it will be boring .	1
1312	 If good people always win , we can guess the ending of the movies or dramas .	1
1313	 Then we will feel less interested in them .	1
1314	 But if the good people are not always rewarded , we will try to finish the movie or dramas to find out the end of the story .	1
1315	 For example , Hollywood stories usually have a happy ending like a hero beats a crime and get a girl .	1
1316	 But now many people , including me , have been tired with it .	1
1317	 I don ' t want to see the same kind of ending again and again .	1
1318	 So we can ' t always let good people be rewarded in movies or TV programs .	1
1319	 Even in the real world , good people can get a bad ending sometimes .	1
1320	 And I think it happen more often in the real world than in those movies .	1
1321	 So if children always watch the TV programs that good people get rewarded , they may think it will be true in the real world .	1
1322	 They will be misleading by those movies .	1
1323	 And they may act like good people in order to get reward .	1
1324	 Once they find the good people are not always get rewarded , they may feel upset and not to be a good person .	1
1325	 But in fact , the good people do good things no matter the ending is good or not .	1
1326	 So we should tell this to the young children to avoid the misunderstanding .	1
1327	 In fact , those good endings sometimes are helpful .	1
1328	 Some people may be encouraged to do good things .	1
1329	 But like I said , this kind of behavior won ' t last long , because someday they will realize the truth .	1
1330	 So I suggest we should show people the truth in the stories .	1
1331	 And if they can , they will be good people no matter how the story ends .	1
1332	 Based on my arguments above , I think movies and TV programs should present different stories in which good people get reward or get nothing .	1
1333	 Should replace normal classroom with online computer classes ?	0
1334	 There are many advantages of distance learning , but it should not replace classroom learning .	1
1335	 Learning in classroom could provide more information to study .	1
1336	 Besides , learning in classroom are not only learning academic skills but also learning social skills , and learning how to solve problem in real situation .	1
1337	 Consequently , I completely disagree with this statement that we should replace normal course with online course .	1
1338	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
1339	 To begin with , learning in classroom could provide more information and make students more comprehend in subjects that they had learnt .	1
1340	 Because in classroom have many equipment to demonstrate real example .	1
1341	 For example , in biology class , learning anatomy by operating fog have many benefits .	1
1342	 Learner could learn how to use tools and see actual organs of fog .	1
1343	 Unlike classroom , online class just only study in textbook not learnin real situation .	1
1344	 Secondly , online class could not provide knowledge about social skills .	1
1345	 For instance , In a classroom , teacher could give assignment to student to work as a group .	1
1346	 This could help students to learn how to deal with people , how to collaborate with people in their group .	1
1347	 This important skill cannot be gotten in online classes .	1
1348	 Lastly , learning in classroom , student could have healthier life because in school can provide exercise class which train student to move their body .	1
1349	 Classroom have specialist trainer to teach students to it right way .	1
1350	 If student do it by themselves , they might be hurt themselves .	1
1351	 This make students have healthier life which online class cannot provide .	1
1352	 In conclusion , I personally disagree this this notion that we should replace classroom with online class .	1
1353	 Because , classroom could provide real actual example to make students more understand in their subject .	1
1354	 Besides , classroom courses are also provide students to learn social skill .	1
1355	 Moreover , classroom could provide exercise class to set students to have a good health .	1
1356	 Thus , having classroom could provide abundant skills to students .	1
1357	 Experiences that have shaped your outlook and the way you live	0
1358	 Many circumstances that I experienced change the way I think .	1
1359	 There are many experiences that are improve my life in many way .	1
1360	 For example , I could improve the way that I solve problems , improve how I take care of my health , and improve to plan my life for future .	1
1361	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
1362	 To begin with , studying in university taught me to be more prudent person to solve problems .	1
1363	 For example , in math class , the way that we learnt to find an answer by doing step by step .	1
1364	 Start with find cause of problem and the way to do research to solve the problem .	1
1365	 I could adapt this method to use my real life .	1
1366	 When I want to go to somewhere , I try to find the way to reach to destination .	1
1367	 Which ways are shortest and which ways are less consume my time .	1
1368	 I could find a better way to solve problems .	1
1369	 Secondly , Some experiences could teach me the way to take care of myself .	1
1370	 For instance , reading and listening the news about choosing a good diet are the way to keep myself are more healthy .	1
1371	 Thus , I am always buy a quality food such as organic food .	1
1372	 This food are not have chemical .	1
1373	 So that , I can have a good health .	1
1374	 This experience teach me to aware my health .	1
1375	 Lastly , experiences are also change to plan for my future life .	1
1376	 For example , I read about saving money for my retire is a good plan for my life .	1
1377	 Consequently , I start changing myself from spending many thing that I want to saving money for my entire life .	1
1378	 This experience change me to concern about making plan for my future life .	1
1379	 In conclusion , experiences that shape my thinking and the way to live my life are teach me to be a better person .	1
1380	 Because I could find a better way to solve problems .	1
1381	 Besides , experiences could shape me to be more aware about my health .	1
1382	 Moreover , these experiences could make me to make plan for my future life .	1
1383	 These experiences taught me to change my life to be a better person .	1
1384	 One important thing that I want to change about my hometown	0
1385	 Public utilities and surroundings are the primary factors which we basically consider before we decide to live in a place .	0
1386	 However , it is difficult to find a community which can perfectly meet our requirements .	0
1387	 In my hometown , there are almost complete public utilities for one ' s needs but transportation .	0
1388	 So the thing that I really want to change is to have more public transportation .	1
1389	 Since I ' m facing the traffic congestion every day .	1
1390	 And this problem seem to get worst .	0
1391	 At first , it should have more alternatives to use public transportation , such as a subway train or a sky train .	1
1392	 Hence , people will have more ways to go to a place .	1
1393	 Since now buses are only a kind of public transportation in this community , It makes people in this area have no choice .	1
1394	 They must take only a bus to go to another place .	1
1395	 If a subway and a sky train are available here , it will be more convenience to them .	1
1396	 For example , people can estimate time from taking a subway train due to the train schedule .	1
1397	 On the contrary they cannot do so in case of a bus .	1
1398	 Also , this improvement will decrease a bad traffic on the road indirectly .	1
1399	 Secondly , the buses provide merely two routes in this community .	1
1400	 It is absolutely a major problem .	1
1401	 For example , if a place I intend to go is not in the route of buses , I still have to take a bus that does not bring me to my destination but go to the center station first to exchange to another bus .	1
1402	 Obviously , it is waste of time .	1
1403	 They should increase more routes to make people transport more easily .	1
1404	 Lastly , having more kinds of public transportation can dwindle the number of people using their own cars .	1
1405	 Also , it provides many advantages .	0
1406	 For instance , people can save their expenses form gasoline , which nowadays is getting more expensive .	1
1407	 The necessary energy will slowly be used up , since people use less their own cars .	1
1408	 To sum up , the transportation is an elementary factor which directly affects to people ' s living .	1
1409	 I wish one day this problem would be changed .	0
1410	 And then , the transportation in my hometown is no longer difficult for everyone in this community .	0
1411	 Some people prefer to work for a large company	0
1412	 Companies vary from small to large ones based on the context , success and needs of their work .	0
1413	 Small companies usually have a local job in the area , while large companies work in an international context providing for the entire nation or even for other foreign countries .	0
1414	 I personally prefer to work for a large company for several reasons .	1
1415	 First , to find a job in a large company is way more easier than to find a job in a small company .	1
1416	 Large companies always look for new skilled employees to fill in their need of distributing , managing and selling their products in different countries .	1
1417	 For example , if a large company decides to open a branch in a foreign country , they would need more employees in that country to work there .	1
1418	 In other words , Large company equals more job opportunity .	1
1419	 Second , I think that a large company can give better salaries than a smaller one .	1
1420	 The fact that a company is a large one , this means that it ' s having a considerable success .	1
1421	 In other words , this means that the company can give more salaries to its employees .	1
1422	 For instance , common sense would tell us that a famous and international known company won ' t give the same salary as a small local company .	1
1423	 Third , I love travelling around the world . large companies have an international reputation , as they organize international conferences , meetings and workshops which will give me the opportunity to travel in different countries and meet new people .	1
1424	 As well as learning new skills in my field from these workshops .	1
1425	 In conclusion , i can certainly state that I would rather prefer working in a large company than in a small one .	1
1426	 I have different reasons to hold that , such as having a better chance to find work , having a better salary and having the opportunity to travel around the world to attend international conferences .	1
1427	 Disagree Playing Computer Games wastes time and students should not be allowed !	0
1428	 It is a debatable subject that children should not be allowed to play computer games since playing computer games is a a waste of time .	1
1429	 I hold a positive view against this opinion .	0
1430	 First and foremost , a large number of students are obsessed in on - line computer games and as a result their performance in school are declined .	1
1431	 An investigation done by Beijing University shows that 80 % of the students who failed in the final exam paid 2 hours or more on - online games every week , while 90 % excellent students expressed that they did not touch computer games during the most of the days .	1
1432	 Recent research by Scientist also reveals that the youngs are more likely to be attacted by and lose themselves in these computer games , because of their low control ability .	1
1433	 Second , children could learn nothing from these computer games , therefore time on this activity is really time wasting .	1
1434	 Since all these games are developed for commercial purpose and in order to catch the eyes of the children , majority of the games use war , violence , bloody , or sexual subjects to lure the students .	1
1435	 However , those subjects are not suitable for the students and will bring bad effects to the youths .	1
1436	 Admittedly , there are a few students paying considerable time on the computer games playing finally choose computer games related jobs as their career .	1
1437	 But we have to realize the fact : majority of the students failed in front of the computer games playing and they use their time for studying , sleeping and physical exerice to play these computer games .	1
1438	 It is not uncommon that the teenages are found sleepless for several days playing on - line games at public internet bar , and there are also some media reports regarding the sudden death case of the teenages in the internet bar .	1
1439	 In conclusion , I believe it is better that children are not be allowed to play the computer games .	1
1440	 The computer games are like cigerate to adults and we need to set up rules to regulate this area .	0
1441	 Do you think classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by e - mail	0
1442	 When it comes to the question whether classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by email , I am of the view that wok in person is preferred because this means help to achieve a good communication .	1
1443	 Firstly , team members may have different views and they need to reach a union opinion efficiently .	1
1444	 Obviously , discussion face to face in a meeting is much better than by emails .	1
1445	 An experiment conducted by the Beijing University asked two groups of people to discuss the budget of an activity .	1
1446	 The first group was asked to discuss in person , while the second group was asked to discuss by email .	1
1447	 The result shows that the 1st group used 30 minutes to reach the agreement on the budget , while it takes 30 hours for the later one .	1
1448	 The similar experiment done by other scientist show the same result that people can reach an agreement quickly if they could talk to each other .	1
1449	 Secondly , work in person can indirectly improve the quality and the efficiency of the project because there will be less conflicts or fight amongst the team members .	1
1450	 Writing an email for an informal matter will make that matter looks official , therefore people who receives the email may feel nervous or maybe feel offended by the words in writing .	1
1451	 While if the same words are expressed in talking , the counterparty will feel more relaxed since their response will not be recorded and they will not misunderstand the informal discussion to an official claim .	1
1452	 Therefore , less misunderstanding leads to less conflicts and fights , and enhance the communication amongst the team members .	1
1453	 Admittedly , sometimes we have to use emails if the team members are not located in the same place .	1
1454	 Although emails are not convenient for the work but it is better than none .	1
1455	 Since it is a classroom or campus projects , there is few possibility that the project members are located in different areas .	1
1456	 While we should realize that in a project , there are numerous coordination works are required , if each opinion is communicated via email , there will be hundreds or thousands of emails there that we know this is not a good experience .	1
1457	 In conclusion , I prefer the project members to work in person rather them by email because work in person will be more efficient .	1
1458	 Professors should do more research or teach students ?	0
1459	 These days , more and more university professors are involved in scientific research .	0
1460	 Some are afraid that this will lead to the decline of education quality and suggest them to spend more time on teaching .	0
1461	 However , according to my experiences , professors should be encouraged to mainly do research .	1
1462	 First of all , doing research is a method of self - improvement for professors .	1
1463	 Universities are relatively fenced environment .	1
1464	 The research projects provide communication with the outside .	1
1465	 In addition , by doing research , professors could catch up with the latest development of modern technologies .	1
1466	 I still remembered that my professor took part in several research projects when I was in college .	1
1467	 He was often invited to do speech in other universities .	1
1468	 Although my university is not in the high - ranking list , he gained a reputation by those projects .	1
1469	 The research projects like windows opened to the wider world .	1
1470	 Secondly , professors should fully use the research - friendly environment provided by universities .	1
1471	 It is very common to see state - of - the - art laboratories in the campus .	1
1472	 Also , you could not find another place with so much talent people gathering together .	1
1473	 Consequently , there is really no reason to discourage professors from using those advantages .	1
1474	 We all know that Einstein developed the theory of general relativity when he was a professor in HU Berlin .	1
1475	 Universities positively contribute the professors ' success .	1
1476	 Last but not least , doing research could also improve the teaching quality .	1
1477	 With the help of research projects , professors could lead their students into the practical world from the classroom .	1
1478	 They can easily teach students how to imply the knowledge in practice .	1
1479	 I still remembered the experience of being an assistant in one of my professor ' s research project .	1
1480	 By participating in it , I had opportunities to use theories on textbooks in real life experiments .	1
1481	 The research project provides a more efficient way of teaching .	1
1482	 For those reasons , it is natural to support the professors spending more time on doing research .	1
1483	 While extending the way of their own development , the outcomes of the researches will also benefit the whole society .	1
1484	 Learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .	0
1485	 Every person learn in their own manner which they think that is most expedient to them .	0
1486	 As for the learning by yourself , it has some certain profit .	0
1487	 It gives you a chance to concentrate on what you learn cause there is no one who distracts your attention in presence of you , and your learning becomes more profound .	0
1488	 In addition , the learning with a teacher makes us bear more burdens of studies cause they assign us homework , Nevertheless , I prefer to learn with a teacher rather than learn by myself .	1
1489	 Firstly , The distinguishing fact of the learning with a teacher is that you can ask about problems related your studies .	1
1490	 In other words , when we encounter difficulty in our study which we can not make out , that asking the difficulty from our teacher is propitious way for us to solve it instantly .	1
1491	 In addition , professors and teachers have much experience and knowledge , and are so dextrous with letting students understand their study .	1
1492	 They know something which are not incorporated in such materials as books and webpages .	1
1493	 Hence I , in my class , often communicate with my teacher to find a coordinated answer to a my faced problem , and my classmates are so accustomed to communicating with the teacher .	1
1494	 Secondly , in my mind , the learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .	1
1495	 We can accomplish our assignments with little help of a teacher within less time than do it by ourself .	1
1496	 Furthermore , the teachers play important role in leading us to right direction .	1
1497	 Moreover , This gives us opportunity to rise our educational level to an exited degree . knowledge may be thereby better improved and strengthened .	1
1498	 Finally , of course , being without a teacher has shortcomings .	1
1499	 Notable one of the shortcomings is that if someone faced so complicated confusion in his study and his many endeavors on making out it were miscarried , this might be ended in disappointment .	1
1500	 I think that for one who depends on only himself in learning , his improvement of ability , with regard to cooperation and express his opinion , is unpromising .	1
1501	 Hence I support this point that the learning with a teacher is better .	1
1502	 Technology designed to make people ' s lives simpler often make them more complicated	0
1503	 Many people think they are blessed to be in the era of high technology .	0
1504	 With newly developing technologies , people are able to carry various tasks more convenient and easy .	0
1505	 For example , we no longer have to travel to DMV to renew our driver ' s license or drive to bank for sending money .	0
1506	 Ancient people would probably think that we are like magicians .	0
1507	 However , even with all the conveniences , we would have to admit that technologies made our lives more complicated .	1
1508	 There are couple reasons and examples to support my answer .	0
1509	 Of course , new technologies are always great .	1
1510	 However , it takes time for people to adapt them .	1
1511	 Since we are informed with devices that are produced with new features nearly every day , many people often get lost .	1
1512	 For instance , I use new Iphone which I personally think is great .	1
1513	 However , even though I used it for couple months , I still do not know how to use all the features proficiently .	1
1514	 At first , I tried to go through all the instructions but , soon , I gave up because I found out that it is time - consuming and there are too many things to learn .	1
1515	 Next , technology destroys the language .	1
1516	 Ever since people used computers or cellphones to chat with others , they created their own language to communicate .	1
1517	 Because people try to type as fast as they are talking , they use a lot of abbreviations and broken language .	1
1518	 This has gotten worse with twitter , myspace , and facebook .	1
1519	 What are even worse , young people who are still in the early ages are exposed to them and impeded by the newly developed inventions .	1
1520	 To clarify , my younger brother does not know how to spell the words correctly and he talks to his friends with terms that I have never heard of .	1
1521	 I have tried to correct him for couple times but he just thinks that I am too conservative .	1
1522	 Although technologies allowed us to have a convenient life , it has made our lives more chaotic according to the reasons mentioned above .	1
1523	 Classroom learnng vs online education	0
1524	 There are some people who believe that distance learning and online computer classes should replace classroom learning while there are some people who strongly disagree with this opinion .	0
1525	 As far as I am concerned , I strongly believe that online classes should never replace classroom learning .	1
1526	 I list my reasons as follows .	0
1527	 First , indeed classroom learning is the best way to provide education comparing to online classes .	1
1528	 In the classroom environment you can learn from your classmates , because if you see any of your classmates who is performing better , it will force you for making your performance more better .	1
1529	 For example , When I was in First Year in B Com , I was not serious in my study , but when I saw some of my friends who took better grades than me , it influenced me and I intended to do better in my subjects .	1
1530	 Finally I got 1st rank in final exam .	1
1531	 Second , in classroom learning you have to complete study work on time .	1
1532	 It makes you perfect in time management skills .	1
1533	 Moreover you can learn by participating in group studies how to communicate with others .	1
1534	 It makes you communication and of course your group skills better , which can help you in your future and career .	1
1535	 Third , professors play vital role in classroom learning , most of them are specialists is their subjects , and they help you by giving valuable information and useful skills .	1
1536	 You can improve your skills by work under any professor ; you can ask questions face to face , it will clear your doubts .	1
1537	 In result you learn quickly .	1
1538	 For example , I have my personal experience .	0
1539	 For Toefl IBT Coaching first I was depend on some online courses , but after 1 month I realized that I was wasting my time so I joined an institute for preparation of Toefl IBT , and in 1 month I felt that my English skills have been improving faster .	1
1540	 It ' s undeniable that online classes have some advantages so they could be used as supplementary , but they could not be substitute of existing classroom learning .	1
1541	 From the discussed above , we can easily draw the conclusion that the classroom learning is the best way to provide education for these reasons .	1
1542	 Part time job for teenage students	0
1543	 When we talk about student , we generally mean a boy or a girl who study in school or college .	0
1544	 In some country , teenage students have the opportunity to do some part time job beside their study .	0
1545	 However , some people do not support the concept of teenagers doing job beside study .	0
1546	 In my view , it is good for a teenager to do a part time job while he / she is still a student and this is for two reasons .	1
1547	 The main reason is that students can learn lots of things from part time job , before starting their real job .	1
1548	 Students can learn about time management , money management and convince people by their words .	1
1549	 For example , when I was in my high school I worked as a sales - man in a shop for a year .	1
1550	 As i had to spend some of my time in my job , therefore , i had to manage my time efficiently .	1
1551	 I had to manage my boss as well as had to prepare my homework .	1
1552	 This taught me how to manage time efficiently and do any job quickly and effectively .	1
1553	 Moreover , I learn money management .	1
1554	 When my boss was out of the shop , i had to manage the accounts section of the shop .	1
1555	 From this i learned , how to manage money correctly .	1
1556	 This experience taught me , doing part time job can help students to learn many things .	1
1557	 Another reason is that from part time jobs students can earn money , which can help their parents .	1
1558	 For instance , when i was in high school I worked as a home tutor .	0
1559	 I taught math to two kids of my neighbor .	0
1560	 I helped them to understand the difficult topics of the books .	0
1561	 By tutoring them , i earned some money and bought me books with it .	1
1562	 Moreover , after taking that part time job i stopped taking my pocket money form my parents .	1
1563	 As you can see , part time job can help students earn money and which can help their parents financially .	1
1564	 In sum , I am sure ; some people will oppose the idea of part time job for students .	0
1565	 They will argue , it can destruct students from their study .	1
1566	 However , as i did part time job in my high school and it did not hurt my academic result ; therefore , i believe part time job will be good for students .	1
1567	 Every Student should do part time job beside their study if they want to prepare more efficiently for their future .	0
1568	 Which is better - Learning foreign language in home or host country ?	0
1569	 Our World has varied cultures and each culture has its own language .	0
1570	 It has become essential for a person to learn at least one foreign language as one do interacts with foreigners once in a lifetime and learning a foreign langauge adds on to a person skill - set as well .	0
1571	 Also , I think its better that people learn foreign language in their own country .	1
1572	 The reasons for holding that opinion are illustrated in the subsequent paragraphs .	0
1573	 First of all , it is not possible for everyone to visit a foreign country to learn a foreign language as it requires large amount of money and legal formalities .	1
1574	 In the earlier periods , it was not easy to find a teacher to learn a foreign languge .	1
1575	 But with the advent of globalization , one can easily find a teacher in their own country .	1
1576	 For example , in Indian sub - continent there are large number of centers opened for getting trained in variety of languages like french , german etc .	1
1577	 Second , colleges and universities have introduced foreign language course as a part of their curriculum .	1
1578	 Students can choose any language from the set of languages available at a university .	1
1579	 So , it is very easy to learn a foreign in our own country .	1
1580	 Also , highly qualified foreign language teachers are easily accessible in various schools and colleges .	1
1581	 Third , technology has also played a great role in reducing the separation between learning a foreign languge in our own country .	1
1582	 A large number of foreign language courses are available online and there are various forums where people can discuss their problems on different foreign languages .	1
1583	 To sum up , it is better for people to learn a foreign language in their own country .	1
1584	 It is cost effective and there is a pool of opportunities available now to accomplish the same .	1
1585	 One long vacation or several long vacation	0
1586	 Everybody require some break from their tight schedules likewise students also require vacation form their intense academic schedules .	0
1587	 Many people promote one long vacation system of the school because it would help student to start their course or academic year with strong zeal of learning .	0
1588	 So other several , prefer numbers of short breaks during the year so that student can get rejuvenate periodically .	0
1589	 In both the scenario students relief themselves .	0
1590	 However , i discern that several small breaks will help students to be active in their academics .	1
1591	 Firstly , several vacations throughout the year will keep stress level of students low .	1
1592	 Many educational bodies schedule its small vacations after term exams so that student ' s get relief form exam pressure .	1
1593	 However , research done by universities proves that student ' s performance improves if they get regular breaks from their learning , preparation and examination schedule .	1
1594	 Many colleges in foreign countries provide vacations to students after each semester that facilitate student to entertain themselves as well as prepare for their next semester .	1
1595	 Also several holidays aid these students to not only amuse themselves but also arrange fund and materials such as books and references material for their upcoming course .	1
1596	 Secondly , scientific research provide several authentic survey of the students ' performance after break .	0
1597	 It states that students learning capability increase after having refreshing vacation .	1
1598	 To quote an instance , in my school we used to get several vacations after our quarterly exams .	1
1599	 During those vacations i used to analyze my performance in latest examination and used to go through those question or concept again to avoid making same mistakes .	1
1600	 I also used to spend my time on developing some recreational activity or learning some sports or game .	1
1601	 During my all vacations , I used to miss my school due to which I used to restart my session with great enthusiasm of learning and scoring good marks in new quarter .	1
1602	 Vacations are not only required by students but also by professionals and housekeepers .	1
1603	 As it not only provide break to them from their regular commitment but also allows them to spend some time on themselves , heel stressful mind and boost desire of resuming to the regular schedule .	1
1604	 Therefore schools should consider giving several small vocations to the students during the year .	1
1605	 Saving / Spending money	0
1606	 In recent years the majority of developed countries have a low saving rate because the people opt to spend their earnings immediately or they even take loans to finance their expenses .	0
1607	 But isn ' t it better to save your money for later investments or rough times ?	0
1608	 Im my opinion , saving some part of your earnings is essential due to the fact that you can not predict future developments , neither in your professional nor your personal life , furthermore with savings you can fulfill some of your dreams .	1
1609	 First , there are several uncertainties about your professional future .	1
1610	 The global economic conditions in these days are tough and there are many unpredictable factors that make it necessary to have some money on your bank account .	1
1611	 As example I remember some friends who lost their jobs recently due to the economic crisis in Europe .	1
1612	 Some of them had no own savings .	0
1613	 They could not afford the rent , so they had to move back in with their families and they lost their independence .	1
1614	 In addition , you can not be sure about the development in your personal life .	1
1615	 It is possible that in the future you have some unavoidable expenses that you could not afford without savings .	1
1616	 Back in university I remember a friend of mine who had just little savings and he had to deal with a major repair of his car .	1
1617	 He could not afford the maintenance so he had to sell it .	1
1618	 Finally , with savings you can afford some luxurious goods and fulfill your dreams .	1
1619	 Working hard and saving money for later on investments is a great way of getting a satisfying feeling and to reward yourself for something you have accomplished .	1
1620	 For instance , I made a month - long backpack trip through Southeast Asia last summer with my girlfriend .	1
1621	 Without our savings we could not have pursued our long - time dream .	1
1622	 Considering all the above mentioned arguments , from my point of view there is no other choice than saving money for some time .	1
1623	 Rush vs Slower Pace	0
1624	 Modern technologies and globalization have increased the speed of life in the past decades tremendously .	0
1625	 However , while the majority of people live on the fast lane , others decide to reduce the speed and take their time .	0
1626	 To draw an entire picture , we have to consider both the advantages and disadvantages of this increased speed of life and ask our self which way of life is better .	0
1627	 In my opinion , it is very important to live life at a slower pace , because living in a hurry comes along with several disadvantages .	1
1628	 First , living your life on the fast lane is very stressful and can affect your health .	1
1629	 If you are always hurried and you do not take a certain time off , your body will react to your stressful lifestyle .	1
1630	 Many hardworking people have diseases , like the burn - out syndrome , because their bodies cannot hold the pace .	1
1631	 For instance , my father had a a breakdown several years ago due to his stressful job .	1
1632	 After several weeks off his body was restored , now he has reduced the tempo of his lifestyle and is doing fine .	1
1633	 In addition , living your life at a slower pace increases your happiness .	1
1634	 If you are always facing excessive stress you cannot care for your beloved ' s .	1
1635	 If you do not hurry yourself you can take more time for your family and friends .	1
1636	 Caring for your social environment will increase your happiness and also reduce your stress level .	1
1637	 For example , a friend of mine lives at a slow pace and is really satisfied about it , because he can enjoy his family and cultivate his friendships .	1
1638	 Finally , quality takes time .	1
1639	 When you are faced with difficult tasks and you do them in a rush , you are more likely to do avoidable errors or mistakes .	1
1640	 Doing tasks in a hurry may end up in not considering all necessary aspects or opportunities .	1
1641	 As a result you might make mistakes , you would not have done with more patience .	1
1642	 To illustrate , I once wrote an essay in a hurry and got a bad grade , because I made few mistakes I could have avoided .	1
1643	 In conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , living a slower life is advantageous for your health , your happiness and even the quality of your work .	1
1644	 Human needs vs saving land for endangered animals	0
1645	 In the past centuries the population steadily grew and now , for the first time in history , is exceeding seven billion .	0
1646	 As a result more and more natural environment had to be vanished to make room for housing , feeding and industry .	0
1647	 But isn ' t it important to preserve the land to maintain the other species living on our planet ?	0
1648	 In my opinion , we clearly have to change our attitude towards the environment because of several reasons .	1
1649	 First , the natural diversity is very important for further generations .	1
1650	 If we don ' t change our behavior we will extinct many species living for millions of years on the planet .	1
1651	 As we destroy the natural habitat , like forests , jungles and lakes , to make place for our industry and farmland , we rob the ecosystem .	1
1652	 To illustrate , every day a massive part of the Rainforest in South America is destroyed to provide wood and farmland .	1
1653	 If we don ' t preserve this important part of our ecosystem many endangered animals will loose their natural habitat and go extinct .	1
1654	 As a result , further generations will never have the opportunity to see and study these animals .	1
1655	 In addition , a stable and sustainable environment is essential for the weather .	1
1656	 Our behavior causes pollution , which heavily affects the weather conditions on planet Earth and causes the undoubtedly Global Warming .	1
1657	 This not only affects the endangered animals , but also the humans because we are affected by the increasing sea level and the climatic changes .	1
1658	 For example , recent studies from the United Nations Organization have shown that , till 2050 the sea level will increase over one meter in the average .	1
1659	 This will dramaticly affect all people living near the coast and change the global climate .	1
1660	 In conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , we definitely have to change our behavior towards the environment , not only to preserve the endangered animals but also to preserve our own living conditions .	1
1661	 Going to classes should be optional for the students	0
1662	 University students have different opinion about their attendance to class .	0
1663	 Some students believe that they should be required to attend classes while others believe that it is an optional for the students .	0
1664	 According to my opinion , because it is university level of education , students have enough maturity to choose their choice .	1
1665	 Therefore , I strongly agree that going to classes should be optional for the students .	1
1666	 To begin with , going to classes are sometimes waste of the time .	1
1667	 For instance , some lecturers in our university read the same text in the reference books for that particular course module .	1
1668	 Further , they didn ' t explain the contents in order to understand by the students .	1
1669	 It was waste of the time .	1
1670	 Because the university students have grown up , they have enough ability to read and understand the text book .	1
1671	 Moreover , with the modern technology , students can collect more information from different sources .	1
1672	 For example , from the Internet , students can read many articles and e - books and can watch video tutorials which provide the information more apparently .	1
1673	 However , some lecturers deliver lectures very informative and interesting way .	1
1674	 When the students attend that lectures , they can obviously feel that it was very useful and they did not waste their time .	1
1675	 Additionally , mostly university has taken whole day for the lectures .	1
1676	 Besides , most of the university students are working students in order to manage the expenses during the education time .	1
1677	 Students need to work as part time basis .	1
1678	 Hence , they have to schedule the lectures time , studying time and working time .	1
1679	 At the same time , rather than attending any boring lecturers , students can participate to other activities such as debate competition , swimming meet , Basketball and so forth .	1
1680	 From that they can meet other university students and build up the relationships with them .	1
1681	 In a nutshell , although few brilliant lecturers deliver more informative lectures , some are boring the students in the class and wasting the students ' time .	1
1682	 When the students go to university , they have matured mentally and physically .	1
1683	 They have enough knowledge to choose what they need to do .	1
1684	 Therefore , to make use of time , if the students choose the classes as optional , it would provide more benefits than drawbacks .	1
1685	 Famous people are bothered by the media	0
1686	 Some people think that mass media should only focus on news and current affairs .	0
1687	 Others believe that television , newspapers and magazines should keep us entertained and therefore they should pay attention to famous people lives as well .	0
1688	 This issue is a controversial one , but in my opinion a closer examination reveals that mass media deal too much with superficial things for different reasons .	1
1689	 One reason is that television and newspapers focus on famous peoples ' lives in order to increase their audience or readership .	1
1690	 Gutter press and Tabloid TV are more and more replacing quality papers or documentaries programs .	1
1691	 Thanks to the Internet , we can go online and have access to information from all over the world and therefore mass media don ' t need any more to keep informed people but their goal is to have enough readers or TV audience .	1
1692	 Another reason is that we live in a society where the most important thing is appearance and gossip .	1
1693	 Nowadays , unscrupulous paparazzi constantly follow celebrities just to take a photo while they are eating or training .	1
1694	 Newspapers often receive accusations of checkbook journalism ; this means that magazines pay people a lot of money for stories or photos .	1
1695	" Additionally , there are Reality TV , television programs in which people are put into artificial environments and situations , for example like 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4209	Doc: essay307
Big	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4209	Doc: essay307
Brother	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4209	Doc: essay307
 ."	1
1696	 To sum up , it is clear that television , magazines and newspapers pay too much attention of peoples ' private lives for all the reasons mentioned above , namely to increase audience or readership and to give exciting and shocking news to a society which feed upon gutter press and Tabloid TV .	1
1697	 Staying in one place is better than moving number of places	0
1698	 Some people may prefer to live in different places at different time because of many reasons such as looking for better job , house , community and so on .	0
1699	 I prefer to spend my entire live in one place which is my hometown .	1
1700	 In my hometown , I have a lot of friends and good relationships , I love the traffic in here , and the environment is wonderful .	1
1701	 I was born and grew up in here , a small town .	0
1702	 In here , I have a lot of friends , and we usually spend free time to play sports like soccer , basketball and of course we have a lot of fun .	1
1703	 Every people in my town have known each others , and we have good relationships .	1
1704	 If anyone needs help , his neighbor will help as much as possible .	1
1705	 Nowhere else can give me some people like in here .	1
1706	 I want to live here because I love the traffic system in here .	1
1707	 We have large streets but few cars , so we can move easily to anywhere .	1
1708	 Last week , I went to the city center to meet my friends .	1
1709	 The traffic in the city was too crowed .	1
1710	 I have to wait for an hour to go to my friend house .	1
1711	 I also love the environment in here .	1
1712	 I have been gone to some places to travel and stay for a short time , and I realize that the environment in some place isn ' t clean and fresh like my home town .	1
1713	 There were a lot of people so the environment can ' t be keep clean .	1
1714	 In conclusion , I strongly feel that staying in one place is better than moving number of places .	1
1715	 Moving some places can give to you a lot of experiences but living in one place like your hometown can make you feel comfortable about the traffic , people and of course the environment .	1
1716	 Dormitory or apartment ?	0
1717	 When it comes to the issue of choosing an accommodation after completion of their high school , most students always get confused between these two options : living in an apartment , or in university dormitories .	0
1718	 As far as I am concerned , both choices have their own advantages and disadvantages .	1
1719	 On the one hand , living in a dormitory helps students to familiarize themselves with the academic environment of the university .	1
1720	 For instance , students can have an opportunity to take part in many kind of extracurricular activities happing around the campus such as attending conversation club , or joining sports club .	1
1721	 Students can also have more chance of interaction with their teachers and classmates .	1
1722	 In addition , it is easier for students to get help when facing problem such as if students have problem in solving their math question , they can easily ask for help to their roommates , classmates , or teachers .	1
1723	 I think living in dormitory is always helpful to students .	1
1724	 On the other hand , living off campus prepares students for the real life .	1
1725	 For example , students can learn many new things such as how to become responsible , independent , punctual , co - operative compared to living in university dormitories .	1
1726	 They are responsible to take care of everything including paying their apartment rent on time , and dealing with the utility bills .	1
1727	 In addition , students also have to focus on their study , and try to maintain their grades higher .	1
1728	 Furthermore , students also have a chance to know about the community around them .	1
1729	 Interacting with the people , and socializing with them prepares students for the life after graduation .	1
1730	 From given the evidences , it seems to me that it becomes hard for students to choose between their living options since both living accommodation have its own benefits .	1
1731	 If I have to choose , I would definitely choose the second option : living in an apartment .	1
1732	 I think that it teaches me everything that I certainly wants to learn in my life because learning all those characteristics would really help me in leading successful life .	1
1733	 It is not necessary for university students to attend classes	0
1734	 Though out the last decade , the load of the university students has been constantly increasing .	0
1735	 There are those who consider that university students cannot attend any classes until the students pass the exam .	0
1736	 There are those who said that student can attend the university coarse without passing the exam .	0
1737	 However , from my perspective , students can acquire university knowledge without the prerequisite of passing exam .	1
1738	 The reasons to be illustrated are follows .	0
1739	 Firstly , the students are not constantly expert in every part of a subject .	1
1740	 For example , I love Physics .	0
1741	 But I don ' t like electronics , because electronics cannot always be seen in the real world .	1
1742	 And I have had 0 in physics score when I study the electronics .	1
1743	 But I constantly achieve 100 score when I study other part of the physics .	1
1744	 And if I cannot attend the classes until I pass the exam of electronics , I could not pass the entire part of physics , and I will fail the exam over and over again .	1
1745	 Luckily , in our university , you can attend the classes regardless of the score you reach .	1
1746	 And I can study physics without consideration of my electronics .	1
1747	 And at last , I took the electronics again and pass the exam .	1
1748	 Secondly , if the university take the policy that no one can attend the classes without passing exam , students are highly likely to leave uncultivated .	1
1749	 If one fail most of the exam , it means that he or she cannot participate in most of the classes .	1
1750	 And the students will have nothing to do in the campus .	1
1751	 Then he or she will play online games days and nights .	1
1752	 The academic achievement will decline .	1
1753	 In the end , this student will become a loser in the world .	1
1754	 And all this is due to that the university don ' t permit them to attend the class .	1
1755	 This is not the failure of the university but also the entire education system .	1
1756	 Admittedly , the university student may don ' t reach a high if the university allow student to participate in the class no matter whether they pass the test or not .	1
1757	 But the benefit of free to access to the classes eclipse the issue of lower points .	1
1758	 All in all , the university should allow the student to participate in the classed without passing the test because not only is every students expert in every part of one subject but also it will reduce the student in the campus who leave uncultivated .	1
1759	 I ' m against providing more money to professors	0
1760	 University education is always an important part of one ' s life .	0
1761	 That ' s why education in university is discussed all the time .	0
1762	 What is the best way to orientate the students ?	0
1763	 Raising the salaries of professors so ?	0
1764	 I would say no .	0
1765	 The professors are essential , however , the schools are established for students .	1
1766	 Money should spend on facilities in school or update resources , which are beneficial to school rather than just instructors .	1
1767	 The following are my opinions .	0
1768	 To begin with , the school should put more emphasis on students instead of professors .	1
1769	 I think the most efficient way to improve the education is to guide the students to learn actively .	1
1770	 By renewing some facilities in school so students will spend more time at school doing assignment .	1
1771	 A comfortable environment can attract people to stay longer .	1
1772	 Thus , students spend more time on school to make a good circulation of learning .	1
1773	 That is to say , students have a better environment to working on their assignments so the quality of their assignments will improve .	1
1774	 Thus , the competition between peers enhances and forms a circulation .	1
1775	 In my school , the classrooms in my university are old and kind of shabby .	1
1776	 For me , I prefer spending money in a coffee shop to staying at school to finish my assignment .	1
1777	 It ' s unpleasant to stay at school .	1
1778	 However , coffee shops are not always quiet , so my classmates and I often finish our work roughly .	1
1779	 Besides , the ultimate purpose is to change , to motivate students to be better .	1
1780	 To improve education , spending more money to raise professors ' salary is inappropriate .	1
1781	 In addition , will the university filter all the professors overall ?	0
1782	 Some professors don ' t deserve the money at all , then , what ' s the point to spend money on them ?	0
1783	 High - salary instructors don ' t teach students harder because they earn more money .	1
1784	 There won ' t be any effect if school does so .	1
1785	 There was news about raising professors ' salary in my country .	1
1786	 This event provoked a demonstration composing of students mostly .	1
1787	 The proposal of the demonstration was eliminating the raising salaries .	1
1788	 As you can see , if the policy of raising salary was supported , the demonstration would not happen .	1
1789	 At school , students are priority .	0
1790	 Students ' tuition is not only for the professors but also for their quality of learning at university .	1
1791	 That ' s the main reason I against providing more money to professors .	1
1792	 Students are those who suppose to enjoy the use of their tuition .	0
1793	 Our useful friends	0
1794	 Pets have always been essential in our society .	0
1795	 Cats and dogs are the most common pets but there are birds , tortoises and fishes as well .	0
1796	 Some people think that pets should be treated like family members .	0
1797	 However , others argue that they are just animals and aren ' t able to think like us .	0
1798	 The issue is controversial but in my opinion , pets should be treated like human beings for different reasons .	1
1799	 First , pets are our friends as well as certain human beings are .	1
1800	 Similarly to friends , indeed , they are always with us and they are there if we feel alone .	1
1801	 We can talk to them because they listen to us , more than some people will ever do .	1
1802	 To illustrate this point , I can write about my own experience .	0
1803	 When I was 14 years old , my uncle passed away and I felt like everything was no longer important .	1
1804	 Talking to my friends was frustrating because none of them have ever felt that way .	1
1805	 Since I was all alone at home for a long time , my dog was near me and it seemed to me that only him could understand my deeply feelings .	1
1806	 Clearly , although pets aren ' t able to speak with us , we can nonetheless count on them .	1
1807	 Secondly , pets are useful for a variety of things .	1
1808	 For example , nowadays the pet therapy is becoming more popular than before .	1
1809	 Researchers have discovered that pets can bring benefits in a huge amount of illnesses .	1
1810	 There are dogs who lead blind people around the city and therefore without them they could not go around all alone .	1
1811	 In addition , pets are important for depressed people as well because their presence make them feel better .	1
1812	 Moreover , there are dogs who are educated in order to find out criminals or to use their sense of smell to find drugs .	1
1813	 To sum up , I am strongly convinced that pets deserve to be treated like family members because of all the reasons mentioned above , namely they are our friends and they can be useful in many situations .	1
1814	 Extraordinarily cautious is important since rough work is intolerable	0
1815	 This current world we situate ourselves in is rather unpredictable , even one sudden invention could bring down all the notions we used bear in mind .	0
1816	 Most of us has endeavored to keep up with the pace of the development of today ' s world in fast pace .	0
1817	 I personally believe that even when fast pace may be the wise move to correspond with today ' s world .	1
1818	 However , it might not be the most beneficial move to our society .	1
1819	 Primarily , even when the world operates in fast pace , it still requires accuracy .	1
1820	 Even simple issues in our daily life like homework require accuracy .	1
1821	 If we rush through the work by taking risk of making mistakes , we are actually making zero effort going through our study roughly only for the purpose of fill in before the deadline .	1
1822	 In short , it only fulfills the work itself which is rather worthless .	1
1823	 It is our capability of work that we should improve rather than holding the belief in completing it .	1
1824	 Certainly it may take time to keep up with the others if w need to review our work multiple times , but with consistent work soon enough we ' ll be able to bring up our speed in completion of work .	1
1825	 Secondly , other than the importance of accuracy , the world also seeks efficiency , which concludes both minimum time completion and also criterion of quality .	1
1826	 Even when we managed to keep up with the pace by neglecting the details of a project and only aim for a general frame of the project , this will not be something satisfy for the company and clients .	1
1827	 We soon will be out of the picture even when we kept up with the pace since when the problem reveals itself we ' ll have to go back and fix the mistakes we have made .	1
1828	 This might be even more costly and time consuming than a neat completion of work at the start .	1
1829	 Besides , when looking at this problem within a broader image .	0
1830	 Some work cannot tolerate any mistakes at all , for instance , in official missions like the work done by NASA , a tiny mistake can be catastrophic .	1
1831	 A miscalculation of the orbit in launching rocket may lead to a failure of the whole project which might worth trillions of dollars .	1
1832	 In such circumstances , even when the scientists want to finish off quickly , but they couldn ' t miss even a single part of the mission since it may trigger loads of problems .	1
1833	 To sum up , even when we need to catch up with the pace of the world , it is necessary for us to be extraordinarily cautious since rough work is intolerable when we want to stay competitive .	1
1834	 Living in big cities or living in small towns	0
1835	 Continuous technological and economical development in modern world created great differences between cities , a difference that is clearly visible in the size of various cities .	0
1836	 From cities with more that 20 million people to small towns inhabited by only hundreds of people .	0
1837	 This diversities in cities allowed for more difference in people ' s preferences for where to live .	0
1838	 For me , I prefer to live in bigger cities than in small ones , this personal attitude is the result of many factors .	1
1839	 First of all , I find the excitement of big cities to be attractive , living in a dynamic environment can turn into a very rich experience that sharpens one ' s personality and open one ' s eyes on the real world .	1
1840	 Life in big cities cities gives one new challenges every day , let it be deciding which restaurant to go to or deciding which company to work for .	1
1841	 For me , this lifestyles is very attractive and is considered a huge advantage of big cities compared with the constant , slow paced life styles of small towns .	1
1842	 Another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants ' lives , hospitals , advanced medical facilities can satisfy one ' s need of medical safety .	1
1843	 Cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one ' s and widen his horizons , things which aren ' t offered by small towns .	1
1844	 Furthermore , it ' s undeniable that the economic power of a country is driven by it ' s big cities and the majority of wealth and finance is centered and controlled in big cities .	1
1845	 With this kind of power big cities offer more opportunities for one ' s career advancements and a more chances of higher income that small towns does , and higher income can be the basis of a happier , healthier life .	1
1846	 Finally , although I prefer to live in a big city , I can not help but assure that this is a matter of personal taste , to be clear , I would love to spend some days in countryside to recharge my soul and relieve myself from daily stress .	1
1847	 Every experience always gives us something to learn and keep for life	0
1848	 I agree with the statement that our life seems tough at the time but those difficult experiences of life become important lessons for the future .	0
1849	 My opinion based on the reasons that Every tough experience makes us more skilled , improves our decision making and makes us more compatible for life .	1
1850	 The best example of it is how babies learn about basics survival habits during their childhood .	0
1851	 Every day comes with new challenges for them like walking , eating , etc . , but those challenges of their initial life teach them important survival lessons which help them for whole life .	1
1852	 For example , when they tried to learn walking , they stumble and hurt themselves many times .	1
1853	 But they slowly tune their technique and learned to walk .	1
1854	 All inventions and experiments are based on many unfortunate observations .	1
1855	 No known scientist has success in first attempt .	1
1856	 Scientists try and test many specimens before they get they want .	1
1857	 It was said that Thomas Edison tested around 10000 bulbs before inventing Light bulb .	1
1858	 So , all the initial experiments would be difficult and frustrating for him but he searched for more options and learnt new findings with each experiment even when he was failing in his attempts and finally found break through .	1
1859	 Our difficult experiences also make us robust and strong unknowingly .	1
1860	 We might be facing a toughest time of life at the time , but when we think back about those moments later in life , we feel more confident about our decisions and about ourselves .	1
1861	 When I moved to college hostel after school , first few days were very unsettling for me because first time I was away from parent and staying with people I had not known .	1
1862	 I had felt very fragile and emotionally distracted , but then slowly I started adjusting with roommates and built connection with them .	1
1863	 I also became more casual and social with others , this experience increased my communication skill and social speaking skills .	1
1864	 Therefore , to conclude my opinion on this statement , I want to mentioned that every experience in life whether it is good or bad always gives us something to learn and keep for life .	1
1865	 Good experiences give us good memories and bad ones teach us lessons for life .	1
1866	 Drivers have to pay a fee for driving in Rush Hour	0
1867	 Started in the late eighteenth century , the industrialization and urbanization witnessed the explosion in number of automobiles .	0
1868	 The very fuel that they rely on , oil , has now become the dominant pollution of cities ' environment .	0
1869	 While critics castigating about the exorbitant use of oil and other insisting to charged drivers with extra fee during the rush hours for their selfish conducts , I hold the contention that no additional payment should be charged on them .	1
1870	 The reasons are the followings .	0
1871	 Capitalism enfranchised people ' s right to own properties , and consequently , their rights to use them .	1
1872	 Driving cars during the rush hours might is bound to polluting cities ' s environment , but laws protect drivers to do so , and accordingly , charging them extra fee might seems to be out of the jurisdiction .	1
1873	 From another point of view , traffic jam is a natural phenomenon that nobody is able to shun or ban ; so it is out of drivers ' control .	1
1874	 Why drivers should pay a fine only for driving their own cars in a particular time ?	0
1875	 Wars are notorious , but you can ' t blame the soldiers who are justing fight for their countries .	1
1876	 Buying a car spends hundreds of thousand ; paying for all sorts of fee takes another several - these are all ready too much for most of the families to bear .	1
1877	 Charging drivers one more fee makes no sense and is ridiculous .	1
1878	 Majority of the families buy cars simply for a safer and easier conveyance , and charging them too much fee adds a lot to their burden and is actually jeopardizing their rights .	1
1879	 Rather than passively forcing drivers to pay another fee , government should instead , be more active on advocating the use of more efficient and environmental - friendly energy or planning out more reasonable and convenient layout that allow people to reach their destinations with less oil .	1
1880	 Sometimes traffic jam occur only due to the malfunction of a traffic light , or unreasonable organization of roadways .	1
1881	 In these cases , the one who should be charged for a fine is the city planner , not drivers .	1
1882	 Simply put , charging drivers fees regardless of the causes of the problems could be ridiculous and even unlawful .	1
1883	" In conclusion , 	B-Claim	B-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 4397	Doc: essay318
rush	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 4397	Doc: essay318
hours	I-Claim	I-Arg	Y	SP: 18	Sentence: 4397	Doc: essay318
 are usually not the direct consequence of drivers ."	1
1884	 Instead , the real causes of traffic jam may fall on various of grounds , and therefore , charging drivers for another fee for this could be unreasonable and irrational .	1
1885	 The part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it	0
1886	 Nowadays , the difference between school and society is bigger and bigger .	0
1887	 If students want to get used to the society quickly , it is better for parents to encourage them to take part - time jobs .	1
1888	 There are some reasons can support my view .	0
1889	 First , there are a few opportunities for students to know how to live adult life in the university .	1
1890	 Because most people they contact with are also students .	1
1891	 However , when students do part - time jobs , they can work with many kinds of people , and most of whom are adults .	1
1892	 So , they can teach students many things about adult life .	1
1893	 My friend Lisa , who is doing part - time job now , tells me that it is fabulous to take it .	1
1894	 Through part - time job , she makes friends with different kinds of people and they let her know the different aspects of adult life .	1
1895	 For example , Lisa thought in adult life , work is the core ; but after she knows these friends , she changes her mind that the true core for the adult life is responsibility but not work .	1
1896	 Hence , thanks to the information her new friends has provided ; now she is more confidence about her future adult life .	1
1897	 Second , parents always tell students that the adult life is much tenser than school life .	1
1898	 However , because we do not experience it , it is very difficult for us to really know how tense the adult life can be .	1
1899	 Therefore , we need part - time job to teach us how hard the real adult life can be .	1
1900	 Actually , some questionnaires indicate that if students have taken part - time jobs , they will make the best use of their time to prepare their future and more importantly ; they will not expect too much for their future than students who have not taken the part - time job .	1
1901	 Therefore , the part - time job can make people understand future life better .	1
1902	 Third , some parents are afraid that the part - time job will effect student ' study .	1
1903	 Actually , most students will do the part - time job in their holiday , so it will not effect on their study .	1
1904	 Compared with playing computers every day , doing part - time jobs is the best choice for students to spend their holiday .	1
1905	 In conclusion , taking the part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it .	1
1906	 Therefore , parents should encourage students to take the part - time job .	1
1907	 Type of temper and advantages of individual work as best arguments in favor of studying alone	0
1908	 Study achievements depend on a range of various factors , one of which is pattern of work you tend to choose while studying .	0
1909	 In particular , we may prefer to work either within a team of other students or alone .	0
1910	 As for me , I favor the latter because of the following reasons .	0
1911	 To begin with , type of temper is one of the reasons that make me to choose individual work instead of team one .	0
1912	 Being by nature introvert , I have to spend much time and efforts on adjusting to surroundings and especially new people .	1
1913	 Once , when I was working on presentation with strangers , I sat aside and so prepared more than half of work myself instead of making attempts to get acquainted with unknown people .	1
1914	 Therefore , my productivity boosts when style of work is appropriate with my type of temper .	1
1915	 Furthermore / moreover , working alone allows me to avoid spending time and efforts on many things that are an integral part of teamwork .	1
1916	 In other words , I must not divide tasks and duties between team members , share responsibility and benefits , and spend time on teambuilding .	1
1917	 These advantages are especially important in situations of shortage of time .	1
1918	 About a year ago I was lucky to become a participant of student brainstorming game .	1
1919	" To my rivals ' surprise , being the only member of my own 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 4433	Doc: essay320
team	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 4433	Doc: essay320
 I gained a victory ."	1
1920	 In conclusion , from my point of view , type of temper and advantages of individual work are the most persuasive arguments in favor of studying alone .	1
1921	 Work for themselves vs work for employer	0
1922	 Most people want to work for an employer , because they want to feel secure about their salary , or feel comfortable about other problems of having own job such as paying tax , worrying about selling , etc .	0
1923	 Despite these problems , personally , I would prefer to have my own job .	1
1924	 My arguments are listed as follows .	0
1925	 First , time is the more valuable thing , which I have in my life .	1
1926	 By having my own business , I can manage my own time .	1
1927	 I could work whenever I want , or I do not need to give reasons to my boss for a delay .	1
1928	 I can arrange time to travel when I would like .	1
1929	 In addition , I can work long hours for earning more money .	1
1930	 Totally , the most important reason for me to be self - employed is the sense of free .	1
1931	 Moreover , earning money is the fundamental reason that why people work .	1
1932	 The amount of money is always the most important criterion for everyone to choose a job .	1
1933	 If I work for other people , I have to give my ideas to employers cheaply .	1
1934	 Therefore , I never have been rich in my life , because my salary is not dramatically changed .	1
1935	 In spite of many problems of having own business , I can earn more money based on my creativity and personal ideas .	1
1936	 To sum up , in spite of the fact that many people are not eager to work for themselves , I would like to run my own business to control my own time , and to earn more money based on my noble ideas .	1
1937	 Parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life	0
1938	 Learning is a thing that we do in all of our lives .	0
1939	 Getting the best lessons , besides our abilities to self - study , depends on our teachers a lot .	0
1940	 There are people who believe that no one else is better than our parents in terms of teachers .	1
1941	 I whole - heartedly agree with this opinion because of these following reasons .	0
1942	 Firstly , parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life .	1
1943	 As we were born , parents taught us from the very little things such as how to smile , how to walk to the ordinary routines such as eating .	1
1944	 Moreover , when we grow bigger , they teach us many fairy tales and several important ethic lessons that affect us till the end of our lives .	1
1945	 Secondly , at school we study bigger things about sciences and languages , but after school we learn from our parents .	1
1946	 In my opinion , we spend most of our time at home with our families than it at school .	1
1947	 I think when we leave school , maybe we will forget parts of the lessons we learn at school if we do not experience them in life , but I strongly believe we will never forget what our parents have taught us because we use it every day .	1
1948	 For example , I believe I will never forget what my parents told me about how to be grateful to other people who help me .	1
1949	 Thirdly , I totally believe parents love their sons or daughters unconditionally .	1
1950	 Therefore , even when we grow older , get married and then have our own families with spouses and children , parents always keep watching us and help us to realize which is right and which is wrong in life .	1
1951	 For instance , my older brother has got married and lived independently for two years but when he faces difficulties in his work or his life , he comes back to meet our parents and ask for advice .	1
1952	 To conclude , I strongly believe that parents are our best teachers .	1
1953	 Excellent knowledge is better than ability to adopt oneself	0
1954	 With the rapid development of economy , the controversial of good worker ' s requirement is always in a limelight .	0
1955	 A large number of people will say the ability to adapt oneself to a new environment is necessary , because it is the basic communication skill for a new worker .	0
1956	 From my perspective , there is only one thing would be beneficial to company , and there is only one way to be an outstanding worker , that is possessing excellent knowledge of this job .	1
1957	 That ' s why I believe that the excellent knowledge of this job will be more significant .	1
1958	 Admittedly , the ability to adapt oneself to the new environment has been proven to be part of job .	1
1959	 This ability is helpful in communicating with other workmates , cooperating with other workers needs this ability , too .	1
1960	 But working alone is a longer - term job than communicating , that is , the ability of adapting oneself to a new environment may be necessary for a fresh worker , but the excellent knowledge of this job will be benefit till one leave .	1
1961	 The company will benefit from every worker of excellent knowledge .	1
1962	 The core and most profitable technology of an IT company is invented by a worker with excellent computer knowledge , not a worker with outstanding communicating skill .	1
1963	 The high reputation and popularity of a company is earned by some brilliant workers in public relation department with excellent skill to propagate this company .	1
1964	 So the company will earn more money and reputation from these workers with excellent knowledge .	1
1965	 Employees will obtain reward from hard - work pursuing excellent knowledge .	1
1966	 Through our whole study life , undergraduate and graduate , we keep learning with the purpose of exerting these knowledge and experience on our job , just like an old Chinese scholar said , the essence of study is utilizing it .	1
1967	 After we get a job , the destination of we keep accumulating and collecting knowledge is rooted not in fawn on our manager with the ability to adapt this kind of business culture , but in making us excellent and totally master this job .	1
1968	 Finally , we will be rewarded with pride .	1
1969	 That ' s why we can obtain reward from out excellent knowledge .	1
1970	 To sum up , I would have to say that although we can use the ability of adapting oneself in a new environment , the excellent knowledge will be of more importance .	1
1971	 Because it can not only benefit our employers , but also ourselves will be rewarded .	1
1972	 People benefit more from coming computers into their lives	0
1973	 Computers have revolutionized our lifestyle during last century .	0
1974	 However , some people especially young ones use computers extremely and this excessive usage lead to increase stress among them , but computers have brought many advantages to our lives .	0
1975	 From my point of view , computers have an important and inevitable role in economic , business , and other part of societies .	1
1976	 In addition , they make the way of living easier by doing our routine duties .	1
1977	 Admittedly , by using computers in many industries human ' s role has been reduced .	1
1978	 Nowadays , computer can control and perform some routine activities in industries , which were early done by human .	1
1979	 Many industries use computers to command to robots in order to do many regular tasks , which were carried out by human early .	1
1980	 For example , many processes of production of cars are carrying out by robots , which are controlled by computers .	1
1981	 In addition , car companies use computers to simulate and analyze car accident by computers .	1
1982	 Despite many advantages , by coming computers many jobs has been vanished .	1
1983	 A large number of industries fire many forces because of doing their works by new technologies and computers .	1
1984	 Computers have an important role in social and personal life .	1
1985	 Computers have opened up a network connection among people .	1
1986	 This technology makes easier for people to send and receive personal message .	1
1987	 Teenagers and adolescents spend free time in front of computers .	1
1988	 Moreover , People can use computers to extract their essential information easily .	1
1989	 By contrast , excessive use of computers has brought many difficulties .	1
1990	 The results show that teenagers who are addicted to computer games show more violent and stressful behaviors .	1
1991	 People who have type by computers may suffer from such disease related to knees .	1
1992	 By considering all reasons , advantages of computers outweigh disadvantages .	1
1993	 People benefit more from coming computers into their lives .	1
1994	 In addition , computers can do most difficult tasks which leads to make life easier .	1
1995	 Is it necessary for children or not ?	0
1996	 Learning a foreign language is necessary for children to strengthen their ability to learn .	0
1997	 Whether children should start learning a foreign language as they start school or not might be a controversial issue .	0
1998	 It seems to me that students should start learning that as they start school .	1
1999	 Learning that not only help them to improve their minds and memories , but can extend their visions about the other countries .	1
2000	 First , the ability of Learning in the childhood period is more powerful than other periods of life .	1
2001	 Thereby students in the beginning of their education can learn faster and easier in compare to a young one to understand a foreign language .	1
2002	 They can easily understand the language structure and memorize the vocabularies .	1
2003	 It is out of of the questioned that the persistence of learning a knowledge in the childhood is more than other period of lives .	1
2004	 By considering this and being aware of that students have not any responsibility and other difficulty in comparison with a young man , we can infer that why this time is the best time to learn any language .	1
2005	 In addition , Learning a foreign language helps students tremendously to comprehend what happens in the around World .	1
2006	 They would be able to understand other cultures and costumes .	1
2007	 Moreover , It can give them a sense of power to communicate better with peers in other parts of the World .	1
2008	 Having knowledge about other countries and their languages lead to extend the child ' s vision .	1
2009	 Therefore , they would be able to develop their personalities and sense of reliance .	1
2010	 Overall , it is easy to distinguish between a child having two languages and a child having just his native language while comparing their ability to communicate , understanding other studies , etc , to find that why children should start learning a foreign language in the beginning of the education .	1
2011	 The biggest risk is not taking any risk	0
2012	" 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
The	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
biggest	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
risk	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
not	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
taking	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
any	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
risk	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
.	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 4526	Doc: essay329
 The ones who have a big dream , they need to be brave and dare to live new situations ."	0
2013	 It is not guaranteed that you are going to achieve your dream if you had planned carefully as the same way when you take risks , but it is more frustrating if you had made plans and then it went wrong .	0
2014	 Therefore , it is essential to take chances and believe this is going to work out .	1
2015	 Assuming new opportunities is indispensable to have diverse experiences .	1
2016	 In fact , life may not be easy ; it will have various challenges especially when you take risks , but in the end , it can be surprisingly wonderful .	1
2017	 For instance , some people abandon their job , family and friends and go to other country without knowing what the future holds for them .	1
2018	 In the beginning , it can be tough to fit in this new place and find any opportunity , but after fighting against the obstacles blocking the way to get what is desired ; it is possible to conquer what they are craving as well as start to build a new life in this other country .	1
2019	 In fact , many people are afraid to take risks and fail .	1
2020	 It is possible to get frustrate along the way , but it is vital to never give up on your dream .	1
2021	 To illustrate , Walt Disney , whose career is famous , had a challenging life .	1
2022	 One of the difficulties was some of his histories , such as Mickey Mouse and Three Little Pigs , were turned down .	1
2023	" He heard lots of 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 4537	Doc: essay329
no	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 13	Sentence: 4537	Doc: essay329
 , furthermore one editor fired him alleging that he had no imagination , after all what he had gone through , he never stop chasing his dreams ."	1
2024	 To conclude , in this competitive world you have to be fearless and face all new situations .	1
2025	 Even though sometimes you consider backing down and stay in the same routine that you are used to , it is necessary to have courage to take risks , be different and pursue your dream to have a successful life .	1
2026	 In personal live , we have some responsibilities towards other people	0
2027	 People should sometimes do things , even though they don ' t enjoy it .	0
2028	 This is basic part of the lives .	0
2029	 There may be small or big things , but at last people should accept them , because most of them is about responsibilities .	0
2030	 Moreover , sometimes by doing things helps the people learn about live .	0
2031	 In this essay , the reasons for why I agree that people should sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing will be explored .	1
2032	 Firstly , most people ' s lives are filled with tasks that they don ' t enjoy doing . In personal live , we have some responsibilities towards to other people , there is nobody who likes all of these responsibilities .	1
2033	 For instance , housework is very difficult for me , although my husband helps me some of them , but it is my responsibility .	1
2034	 I really don ' t like any of them , however I should do .	1
2035	 Secondly , professional lives are filled with tasks that is neccessary parts of the jobs .	1
2036	 Nobody likes attending boring conferences , or working a person who isn ' t well in with anyone .	1
2037	 I ' m a research asistant at a university , and as any of the univesity in ours we have a professor who isn ' t good at human relationships , most of the asistans don ' t enjoy to talk with him about any situation , although we have to ask about his field .	1
2038	 Thirdly , doing something which an individual doesn ' t enjoy can led to enjoyment .	1
2039	 People sometimes can attend any activities by insisting on any of their friends although they don ' t really want .	1
2040	 For example , one of our friends tell my husband and me about a dance course which we both don ' t like .	1
2041	 After insisting on some of our friends , we attended , and got really enjoyable time , we continued the course about six months although most of our friends left the course after a month .	1
2042	 Nobody has a life with a lot of fun ; there are sometimes unpleasant and boring parts which is not liked by anyone , but most of them are about responsibilities which is the part of individual ' s live .	1
2043	 Young adults preference on how long they should live with their parents before moving out	0
2044	 As young people gets older they tend to seek more freedom and want to live on their own .	0
2045	 But , the issue of what is the right age for young adults to leave their parents and start living on their own is a contentious one .	0
2046	 Personally , I believe that young adults should live with their parents for a longer period of time .	1
2047	 Living on your own is a huge financial commitment .	1
2048	 At younger age people are less likely to get a high paying job , so It can be a difficult task to pay for rent , food , utilities and other expenses to sustain yourself .	1
2049	 So , I believe that living with parents is a wise choice for adults until they get a head start to their professional career with a reasonable income .	1
2050	 Another advantage of living with parents for a longer period of time is the enhanced emotional attachment with them .	1
2051	 Parents have valuable advice to their children as they go through the changes in their adult life .	1
2052	 Living together develops the environment of discussing adult ' s physiological and psychological changes face to face with their parents .	1
2053	 Young adults will feel reluctant to discuss such problems with their parents if they move out and live on their own , and thus missing the valuable input of their parents .	1
2054	 While some critics may argue that , young adults living with parents will not be free to do what they want .	1
2055	 However , I believe that most young adults are inclined to take unprecedented advantages of the freedom they have .	1
2056	 It is good thing if living with parents does not give freedom for young people to party all night , smoke or do drugs .	1
2057	 In a nutshell , I believe that young adults should only consider living on their own only after they are sure they could sustain on their own .	1
2058	 It is unwise to trade the opportunity of living with parents for a longer period of time for some late night parties or drugs .	1
2059	 Thus , to cope with the physiological and psychological changes of adult life , to make financial life a less struggle and to prevent oneself digress from their destined path , it is important for young adults to live with their parents for a longer period of time .	1
2060	 Technology impact on people	0
2061	 Nowadays , the Earth has become like a small village .	0
2062	 In the course of the last hundred years , the way majority of people communicate with each other has been altered significantly because of technology .	0
2063	 But there are vast amount of disputes whether it is positive or negative .	0
2064	 From my point of view , this development was a very positive one in spite of its some drawbacks .	1
2065	 To begin with , nowadays , to keep in touch with loved ones in faraway places has become easy than ever .	1
2066	 Technology revolutionized the way we communicate and in present , it is almost possible to do everything without tete - a - tete .	1
2067	 By means of some software such as Skype , MSN , Whatsapp we can get in touch with everybody whenever we want .	1
2068	 For example , in earlier times , people didn ' t leave for faraway places , because they could easily get lost .	1
2069	 This is also one salient prove that the development of technology was a very positive .	1
2070	 Further , by means of some communication tools , it has become very easy to make new friends .	1
2071	 According to statistics , 40 % of people met even their life partners via Internet .	1
2072	 In this sense , Internet is a basic tool to keep in touch with old and make new friends .	1
2073	 However , the other side of the coin is that , by communicating via Internet or phone , we cannot express our ideas and feelings fully , because during such conversations , some of our words can make a completely different sense .	1
2074	 As a result , the rate of divorces is increasing day by day .	1
2075	 By way of conclusion , I once again restate my position that the development of technology impacted on the means of communication among people very positively by making it easier and more comfortable .	1
2076	 Advantages and disadvantages of machines instead of human to do the work	0
2077	 The issue of whether using of machine are bring many advantages to society is of great concern to many people .	0
2078	 In my opinion , although using machines have many benefits , we cannot ignore its negative effects .	1
2079	 It is undoubted that machines can bring many benefits .	1
2080	 For one thing , machines are more effective than human .	1
2081	 Not like human , machines do not need rest , which means they can work as long as employers want and consistently produce high quality products without any mistakes .	1
2082	 For another , using machines can save company ' s money .	1
2083	 Because machines never ask for salary , over - time pay or pension , so employers do not need to spend money on employee ' s welfare .	1
2084	 The company only needs some technicians to make sure machines are working on the right track or replace some part when machines are not working .	1
2085	 However , the disadvantages of machines that bring to us should not be neglected by people .	1
2086	 To start with , because of extensive of using machines , many people loss their job .	1
2087	 Especially in large population countries , high unemployment rate may cause crime and social instability .	1
2088	 Apart from this , using of machines are also pose serious pollution and energy dissipation .	1
2089	 For example , nowadays people prefer to use dish - washing machine to wash dishes and plates rather than hand washing .	1
2090	 But they did not know that compared with hand washing dish - washing machine consume at least 2 times water and electricity to wash these tableware .	1
2091	 As you can imagine , if thousands of families use dish - washing machines , how many water and how much electricity will be wasted !	1
2092	 In conclusion , although we cannot deny machines are play a vital role in people living and working , problems posed by machines should draws more attentions as well .	1
2093	 Question about the influence of the media coverage of celebrities	0
2094	 Today , celebrities appear to become a spotlight of the mass media .	0
2095	 Almost half of the news coverage on television and the Internet is devoted to the celebrity gossip .	0
2096	 Not surprisingly , many people are worried that this attention to the famous people has an impact on them , especially on their children .	0
2097	 This essay will compare both negative and positive consequences of this effect on infants .	0
2098	 Fame is a great responsibility for public people as their admirers are very sensitive to any acts of their idols .	1
2099	 Celebrity scandals and gossips can quickly reach the public which perceive it very negatively .	1
2100	 This means that celebrities who received attention for overuse of drugs or alcohol are likely to get public disgrace .	1
2101	 Therefore , children may see that this behavior is inexcusable .	1
2102	 On the other hand , too much news coverage to famous people seems to have a negative influence on the choice of children of their future professions .	1
2103	 As recent surveys showed , inspired by the fame and wealth , children now prefer more to become an actor / actress or a sports star than it was in the past .	1
2104	 Many schools for preparation of so - called stars and various advertisements about famous people may mislead with the fact that this profession is highly required and easy reachable .	1
2105	 This may confuse children who should not choose their future job because of the influence of the mass media , but from the basis of their own interests .	1
2106	 In conclusion , parents should be more worried about their children ' s attitudes to the ' cult of celebrity ' .	1
2107	 They should teach their children how to distinguish shortcoming stars from truly talented ones and to put right priorities in life .	0
2108	" Mobile phone ; 	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 4622	Doc: essay337
Iron	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 4622	Doc: essay337
man	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 4622	Doc: essay337
 / 	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 4622	Doc: essay337
Weichat	O	O	N	SP: 1	Sentence: 4622	Doc: essay337
 - destroy social interactions ?"	0
2109	 Recently , there has been a social concern in regards to whether mobile phones have a negative effect in our social communication .	0
2110	 Indeed , mobile phones have been widely used for people of all ages , bringing convenience and entertainment into our life .	0
2111	 However , as far as I am concerned , I strongly agree with the view that this great invention causes many social problems .	1
2112	 In the first place , spending too much time on phones may exert adverse effects on social life .	1
2113	 In the first place , as people increasingly tend to focus and relay on phones , they may lose their interest on daily activities like meeting with their friends so that distraction may be developed during study or social activities .	1
2114	 Moreover , continuous use of mobile phone may damage both eyesight and physical posture of the children .	1
2115	" Furthermore , there are many types of games available in the phone and many of them are very aggressive in nature such as 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 4629	Doc: essay337
Iron	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 4629	Doc: essay337
man	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 8	Sentence: 4629	Doc: essay337
 ."	1
2116	 In those games , children are rewarded for being more violent , and this violence is repeated again and again .	1
2117	 For instance , many games involve children helping their character to kill or shoot , which many lead to increased aggressive feelings , thoughts and behaviours .	1
2118	 Therefore , the hardship of communication may be developed .	1
2119	 However , other people may perceive this issue from different viewpoint .	0
2120	 With rapid development of the internet , people are able to enjoy quick electronic communication via internet .	1
2121	" For instance , as lots of chatting apps available online such as 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 4635	Doc: essay337
Weichat	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 4635	Doc: essay337
 , people tend to send instant messages free of charge by using their phones rather than face to face communication ."	1
2122	 Therefore , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication .	1
2123	 After having considered all the problems that I have discussed above , we can finally draw a conclusion that although mobile phones brings convenience of communication , they also contribute to some social problems .	1
2124	 Modern forms of communication ; ' electronic letter '	0
2125	 Undoubtedly , the movement of modern forms of communication has changed better , which help people to interact to others , such as email and messaging without limitation time .	0
2126	 I totally agree that using of these soft devices have cut much of time people need to see with their relatives .	1
2127	 However , it is had some demerits on their social lives .	1
2128	 Mentioned to societies life style , they constantly use these kinds of electronic letter for making fellowship or just continuing theirs what they already had .	1
2129	 Obviousness , there are other ways like social media that they could to use it for meeting theirs buddies such as Twitter and Facebook , also make the communication become feasible and limitless of time .	1
2130	 Another perspective , using of these facilities has influenced netizens to keep themselves becoming unsociable .	1
2131	 It caused they were swept away by virtual atmosphere , so they do not do much social live interactions with others .	1
2132	 The consequence of this case made some people become geek , as too much of using email and messaging , without direct contacts .	1
2133	 However , people have had own minded to keep connection with their friends as a good relationship , meet them and talk by face to face directly .	1
2134	 In conclusion , I admittedly and strongly agree that the merits of email and messaging have reduced amount of ours time to communicate to .	1
2135	 Besides , we need to make sure for the real gathering with our colleague .	1
2136	 People should create a sense of co - operation in their children	0
2137	 It is undeniable that children have an innocent mind , and they requires a proper guidance at a specific time to make them understand the value of life .	0
2138	 Some people think that it is better to make them competitive , while other believes to make them co - operative .	0
2139	 Both these factors have their own values , and have been discussed in detail below :	0
2140	 Competitive children are more likely to be confident enough to handle the situations independently .	1
2141	 This factor initially arises from the school , where teacher encourages student to feel more competitive through the grading system , and this is the place where children are trying to get on the top by scoring the highest marks .	0
2142	 This factor will lead them to be successful in their lives ahead , but will also restrict them in many ways .	1
2143	 For example , MNCs are mainly focusing on a team work , and a person with the competitive mind would be having a difficulty in managing the situation with the team .	1
2144	 However , those who wants to create a sense of co - operation in their children is a symbol that they want to make them sensible enough in their lives ahead .	1
2145	 Although , they will not be having a pace and an eager to get on the top as the competitors do , but they shall have an art of managing different situations of life with the help of a team .	1
2146	 In my opinion , though competitive children will be far more clever and faster than the co - operative child in an initial level , but it will not help them to be on the success path for the long run ; while on the contrary , co - operative child will have a potential of structuring and implementing new and innovative ideas with the help of a team .	1
2147	 To conclude , I would say that people should create a sense of co - operation in their children to make them feel more accomplished in life .	1
2148	 Man to man interaction changed	0
2149	 Nowadays , the variety of communication systems used widely .	0
2150	 As technology develops , it has negative influences in many respects .	0
2151	 However , I strongly agree with that the technology has large positive effects on relationships between people .	1
2152	 The main advantage is that technology has enabled people stay in contact with each other more closely .	1
2153	 While public use the Internet or smart phone to share information to each other at different positions .	1
2154	 Instead of using letters , technology advanced not only gives us more spare time but also convenient and efficient .	1
2155	 More , even if family members who are in different countries , they also can use the Internet to connect each others , especially though the images or videos , they can feel close .	1
2156	 Furthermore , technology is also essential for students , live in remote districts , shared the valuable natural resources with friends .	1
2157	 Another issue is that in the ever - accelerated updating of science and technology , technology provides opportunities for people to establish the social network .	1
2158	 In the past , people might have had pen friends in other countries , but now , thanks to the social networking websites , people can easily to find someone who has similar interests .	1
2159	 Also , they can connect with friends who have been out of touch for a long time by using the Internet .	1
2160	 In this way , technology is beneficial to humanity develops positive relationships .	1
2161	 In conclusion , I agree with that the technology has more optimal effects on people ' s interaction , because it helps ordinary people to make new friends and to maintain relationships .	1
2162	 Sense of cooperation	0
2163	 In present educational system there are variety of competitions in academic area and athletic area for children to attend , which could stimulating the will of children to learn and to achieve the best of them , and also be able to teach them teamwork skill .	0
2164	 However , some people think it is better to make children be competitive than cooperative , both the values have its arguments .	0
2165	 A strong competition sense helps children having urge to learn or to practice for being the best among peers , and this factor is initially arises from the schools and parents , to encourage children to get the highest scores through the grading system .	1
2166	 Even though a competitive child is usually more motivated to pursue a goal or to face difficulties independently , but it is also risky that children are becoming too competitive to cooperating with others .	1
2167	 Being competitive leads them to success , but could also restrict them in many ways .	1
2168	 For example , it might be hard for a competitive person to deal or manage in a team work project .	1
2169	 On the other hand , cooperation is also an essential quality for children , no matter in school activities or in communities .	1
2170	 Having a good cooperating spirit helps kids to communicate and get along with others , which gives them more possibility to solve problems or to achieve a goal easily by working as a team .	1
2171	 After all , in society , there is hardly anyone who could has big achievement by oneself .	1
2172	 For example , famous singers or movie stars , despite of their talent to make them successful , there are always a team to manage works or deal with things .	1
2173	 In my point of view , though competitive child would have more motivation and perspective that leads them to success , but it would not help them much once they enter to society or company which required more about skill of team work .	1
2174	 To sum up , I would say that schools and adults should put a sense of cooperation in children to make them becoming a useful adult whether in society or community .	1
2175	 High sum of money of modern artist	0
2176	 The amount of money people earning sometimes is unfair .	0
2177	 In a field of art , modern artist may receive high salary for their masterpiece creation while labors should be break their bone for years to get similar amount of money .	0
2178	 Although some people view that government should be take a responsibility for this unfair situation , critics against such view .	0
2179	 I agree that in this occasion the government is not granted to hand in .	1
2180	 Proficiency brings perfectness in terms of art work .	1
2181	 It is true while the modern artists who implement their creative thinking onto high value creation are paid with immense sum by the art collector .	1
2182	 Also , the high sum which modern artists receive is related to the quality instead of the quantity and their rare talent .	1
2183	 For example , a 15 centimeter Buddha temple made by hand is granted times in comparison with factory production .	1
2184	 On the other hand , modern artists also devote themselves find a unique concept in which ordinary people cannot do , such making impossible become possible .	1
2185	" Pieter Padang , Minion creator , has brilliant idea to alter part of song lyric 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4699	Doc: essay344
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4699	Doc: essay344
swear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4699	Doc: essay344
 become 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4699	Doc: essay344
underwear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 11	Sentence: 4699	Doc: essay344
 when the Minion sing in Despicable Me ."	1
2186	 He granted huge sums for such idea .	1
2187	 Striking contrast , labor working in the merchandise factory receive coin of dollar even they make a hundred of 15 cm Buddha temples a day .	1
2188	" In any case , a musician playing 	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 4702	Doc: essay344
I	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 4702	Doc: essay344
swear	I-Premise	I-Arg	Y	SP: 14	Sentence: 4702	Doc: essay344
 several times receives different earnings that Padang got because the musician re - plays the song without any creation ."	1
2189	 Moreover , government cannot equalize the price of creation of modern artist because there is no certain parameter to value it , art value is about taste .	1
2190	 Having said that the huge sums of modern artists receives related to their struggle in the field of art , while the term of struggle might different with other field of job .	1
2191	 I agree that government cannot take steps to make the salary between modern artists and other job similar because art price is about taste .	1
2192	 Working Extended hours should restricted	0
2193	 Working longer hours is becoming prevalent in these days .	0
2194	" There is a saying in my native village , 	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 4708	Doc: essay345
Health	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 4708	Doc: essay345
is	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 4708	Doc: essay345
Wealth	O	O	N	SP: 3	Sentence: 4708	Doc: essay345
 ."	0
2195	 I believe many of people including me are not really considering the importance of health .	0
2196	 The need for increased working hours might be because of enhanced competitive environment and desire to acquire much money and promotion .	0
2197	 However , people working for extended hours have been found having adverse effects on their health and personal life .	1
2198	 In my opinion , a balance between personal and professional life should be created by restricting maximum number of working hours .	1
2199	 First of all , many of us would agree to the fact that people ; who prefer working longer hours , do not find time to focus on their health .	1
2200	 By working too long , they often become tired , lazy and reluctant to carry out physical exercise in order to remain fit and healthy and eventually loose health and become sick .	1
2201	 Moreover , they become extensively addicted to their work and become workaholic type persons .	1
2202	 The repercussion are so severe that their families and friends remain deprived off their attention and in the end they end up losing balance between their family and personal life .	1
2203	 Secondly , these workaholic people do not spend time for the contribution of society by actively participating in any social campaign .	1
2204	 As they usually remain busy in their office so they do not find leisure time for such social activities .	1
2205	 For instance , I would take my boss ' s example ; he has been working for extended hours in office for many years .	1
2206	 Recently , his health and personal life was drastically affected as he broke up with his wife and his family life has totally been in chaos and cries .	1
2207	 He started regretting afterwards and now trying to manage his work but it seems to be too late for him .	1
2208	 To conclude this , I would strongly emphasis and recommend , Government must include the clause of maximum number of working hours in its Labor Law and enforce to all companies for ensuring their employees do not spend extended hours in companies .	1
2209	 This will help in uplift of society , and bring the lost equilibrium between personal and professional life of each individual person .	1
2210	 A successful person is one who has earned a lot of money	0
2211	 It ' s such a common definition of a successful person is one who has earned a lot of money , especially in nowadays society .	0
2212	 Each individual visualize success differently .	0
2213	 Still , my term of a successful man is one who has certain achievements in life rather than the one with a high income .	1
2214	 Money is undeniably pivotal , but ways of earning it is also various .	1
2215	 A person ' s great prosperity does not state that he has gained it ethically by himself .	1
2216	 Nevertheless , a man can only achieve his accomplishment through hard - working , dedication and passion .	1
2217	 Whether it is a personal or a social achievement , that man is laudable .	1
2218	 More importantly , the more beneficial for the society his achievement is , the more successful he is considered .	1
2219	 For instance , Thomas Edison is undeniably considered as one of the greatest inventors in the 20th century since his invention ' s productivity is countless useful for mankind .	1
2220	 On the other hand , the fact of knowing a man ' s utilization of his money remains in the dark .	1
2221	 Therefore , judging a person by his income is difficult , especially in the success aspect .	1
2222	 In conclusion , using only money as a scale to measure a man ' s success is impossible despite the fact that it is the essential in basic needs .	1
2223	 Yet , it is the common scene that a man can be publicly considered successful when his achievements , which can only accomplished by passion , dedication and ethics , are helpful not only for himself .	0
2224	 Advertising impact on people ' s choice of consumption	0
2225	 Nowdays , people ' s choice of consumption is heavily affected by various of advertising on television , street , magazine etc .	0
2226	 This argument may be true that people will be swayed by the advertising and buy things they do not need it for their life .	1
2227	 For example , in most asian countries , advertisement company usually hire popular singers or actors to advertise the products to boosts the sales , and some people , especially adolescent may buy things from their favourite singer advertised to support their idol instead of to fill their needs .	1
2228	 In addition , products usually look more gorgeous and with good quality in advertisement , people are more likely to buy goods impulsively without a second thought .	1
2229	 A good advertisement can convince people to believe that it is what they want , even though it is not the real needs of the society .	1
2230	 And there are always people purchase particular products swayed by advertising which makes it a trend to follow for other people who is unnecessarily need it .	1
2231	 However , buying habit is a very personal things for individuals , the advertisement is not the only cause for people to buy , sometimes it depends on one ' s needs and ability of consumption .	1
2232	 It is unlikely to buy things impulsively for adults who have concern of arranging disposable income .	1
2233	 Most of them have to allocate the money if they doing other purchase .	1
2234	 On the other hand , children and adolescents who is not economic independence is more possible to buy things impulsively without considering whether they need it or not , since they do not have financial pressure from life and ability to define what is necessary .	1
2235	 In my opinion , I think buying habit is people ' s choice to make , not entirely affected by advertisements .	1
2236	 But for children or adolescents who is not mentally develop , it might be hard for them not to swayed by advertising .	1
2237	 So it is important that government needs to impose rules on particularly advertisement company ( for example , toys company ) to avoid youngster have bias thought on what they really need .	1
2238	 Schools should only teach children the academic subject	0
2239	 People have many different views about what subjects should be taught in school .	0
2240	 Although I accept that students have to study many subjects in school , I disagree with the idea that unimportant subjects such as music and sports should be got rid of the program .	1
2241	 Many people believe that students only need to study academic subjects like mathematics , physics because these subject are necessary for students ' future .	1
2242	 This is understandable when labor market now has high competition ; students have to meet requirements regard of qualification .	1
2243	 In addition , the unemployment rate is always high , so their parents want children to study these subjects which can help students have a job .	1
2244	 Although those above reasons are acceptable , I would argue that there are many things much more important than having a job .	1
2245	 Firstly , studying music , art or sports is also very important to students .	1
2246	 This enables students to develop their potentials through discovering the natural world around them .	1
2247	 Secondly , to get a job in labor market , not only do students require hard skills but also soft skills such as teamwork , presentation .	1
2248	 For instance , through taking part in a sport , students can understand team spirit and learn lessons about teamwork skills .	1
2249	 Therefore , these subjects might fulfil the students ' ability .	1
2250	 Finally , children ' s future do not depend heavily on the academic subjects they study in school , it is the result of their efforts and capacity .	1
2251	 In conclusion , although the academic subjects play a primary role in nurturing children , it seem to me that the effects of learning music , sports are profound .	1
2252	 Internet will end the era of newspapers and magazines	0
2253	 Digital media has been extremely popular among people around the globe .	0
2254	 With this advancement , newspapers and magazines are struggling to justify their existence .	0
2255	 Some believe that traditional paper media will come to an end very soon due to the increased usage of internet based media .	0
2256	 But many other still thinks they are going to stay .	0
2257	 I agree to the argument that newspapers and magazines will be history with the time .	1
2258	 I will establish my view by analysing how internet presents the information about the current affair so fast and the accessibility to the historical news .	1
2259	 A very important responsibility of media is to publish information about the current affairs as quickly as possible specially when there is a crisis .	1
2260	 This helps readers to get updated and act accordingly .	1
2261	 For example , when the aircraft MH 370 went missing , everyone wanted to know the details about this tragic incident .	1
2262	 The friends and families of passengers and crews were impatient to know the truth .	1
2263	 In such situations , newspapers and magazines can not respond as fast as digital media .	1
2264	 Instead of waiting for next publication , people can get trustworthy information about the current incidents from internet within an hour or two .	1
2265	 This explains why digital media will rule over paper and magazines .	1
2266	 People often want to access news from past for various reasons like to prepare for research , satisfy interest , etc .	1
2267	 For example , one research fellow may want to know how a small village named Oramaki in Japan was suffering after Second World War .	1
2268	 It is very difficult to get this sort of information from past in newspapers and magazines as one has to know before where to look at .	1
2269	 But internet provides efficient search facility where one can search the topic and get the details .	1
2270	 This feature of digital media is not supported by newspapers and magazines .	1
2271	 To conclude , the fast responding internet media with vast information will be replacing newspapers and magazines as new and information provider for valid reasons .	1
2272	 Though considering the current infrastructure and mindset of people , paper media will continue for another few years .	1
2273	 Factor of choosing a career .	0
2274	 In many societies , choice of a job depends on the size of the salary offered .	0
2275	 Nevertheless , while I admit that the salary is very pivotal factor , I claim that there are other equally vital aspects that need to be considered in this regard .	1
2276	 To begin with , I agree that in order for people to cover their daily and general needs they need money as well .	1
2277	 However , aspects such as : friendly colleagues , environment and work - place condition , sometimes , have even more impact on person ' s happiness and quality of life .	1
2278	 People , for instance , who don ' t like their co - workers and working condition are considered less satisfied with their jobs , despite of a high salary .	1
2279	 In this sense , it is also one very salient proof of the accuracy of my position .	0
2280	 Further and even more importantly , most of the satisfaction of a job comes to people from their professional achievements , skills and the position they reach .	1
2281	 In other words , career promotion or getting some kind of credit from the administration of a company or organization are , likely , more enjoyable achievements than getting a high salary .	1
2282	 For example , people , who work in monotonous jobs , where no achievements or a new positions can be reached feel themselves more dissatisfied , even though they have a very good salaries .	1
2283	 In conclusion , I disagree with the idea that salary outweighs any other motivators , as there are other even more important aspects such as : friendly co - workers , working conditions and professional achievements .	1
2284	 Children from poorer families are more successful in the future life .	0
2285	 According to some people , child who is brought up in less well - off family is more quick - witted and can tackle with an adult life problems better than who is from affluent ones .	0
2286	 However , I completely disagree with this position .	0
2287	 To begin with , children from poorer families are prone to have bad habits such as : crime , thievery and thuggery .	1
2288	 Moreover , these people will not have an access to a good education .	1
2289	 As a result , they can be proselytized into bad isms .	1
2290	 For example , most of the terroristic groups try to attract uneducated people , because the person with better education has a wider outlook , which will allow no brainwash .	1
2291	 In this sense , people with lower level of education have more proneness to be attracted in such isms .	1
2292	 Nevertheless , people who are born in well - off families have access to good education , which will have a positive impact on their later life .	1
2293	 Secondly , children from rich families have better skills on how to use money , because they use it a lot of times .	1
2294	 Finally , wealthy families can afford better health services and costly medicines , which will be very beneficial for the health of a child .	1
2295	 For instance , many good medicines cost vast amounts of money , which cannot be afforded by poorer families .	1
2296	 In conclusion , I disagree with the opinion that children who are brought up in less well - of families are , likely , more successful in the future life due to aforementioned reasons .	1
2297	 Recent medical problems and sedentary lifestyle .	0
2298	 It is certainly true that modern people are facing up to a new health problems and ailments than before .	1
2299	 Many people claim that it is because of sedentary lifestlyle .	1
2300	 However , while I accept that sedentary lifestyle is one of the key factors , I believe that some other factors are having even a greater impact .	0
2301	 To begin with , I agree that sedentary lifestyle lead to many serious health problems .	1
2302	 The main reason why people are becoming so addicted to sitting at their homes even for the whole day is an advance technology .	1
2303	 In earlier times , for instance , even the types of entertainment tools were not in large numbers and all of them required physical presence and as a result they had more outdoor activities .	1
2304	 Nowadays people , especially inhabitants of cities , are spending most of their time on sitting in front of TV or other tools .	1
2305	 Nevertheless , there are some other causes why people are experiencing serious medical problems .	1
2306	 Firstly , the environment of the modern world polluted very significantly from greenhouse gas emissions and other gasses .	1
2307	 Many people , for example , are suffering from allergy because of these gasses .	1
2308	 Secondly , foods with a low quality such as fast foods , junk foods and any genetically modified ones are influencing to our health very negatively .	1
2309	 Finally , life becoming more stressful due to some recent problems such as traffic gam , traffic accidents and others .	1
2310	 Given these evidences , it can be seen that people are facing up with many recently appeared illnesses due to aforementioned reasons .	1
2311	 Problems and benefits of international tourism	0
2312	 Along with the advancement of long - distance transportation , international tourism has boomed in the last few decades .	0
2313	 Some people believe that this has brought more problems than benefits .	0
2314	 I disagree with this view .	0
2315	 I admit that tourism can have a negative impact on the natural environment .	1
2316	 In order to meet the needs of tourists , local governments are likely to build more facilities and infrastructures around tourist attractions , which may result in the destruction of natural habitats .	1
2317	 Tourism also creates more pollution and waste , including growing emission of greenhouse gases , dumped leftovers and overuse of water , power and other kind of energy in luxurious hotels .	1
2318	 Based on these grounds , it seems that tourism puts great pressure on ecosystem and local resources , and it should not be encouraged .	1
2319	 However , flourishing tourism in a place can be very rewarding in terms of local economy .	1
2320	 Holiday makers flocking to other countries are not only bound to spend on tickets of attractions , but also pay for food , accommodation , transportation and entertainment .	1
2321	 Both local people and governments can make a large amount of money through these services , and more employment opportunities can be created as well .	1
2322	 I also believe the revenue earned form tourism can be used in turn to reduce pollution and protect the environment .	1
2323	 Furthermore , the increasing development of tourism is a boon to travelers as well .	1
2324	 The provision of direct airlines makes it possible for them to travel conveniently and comfortably .	1
2325	 With adequate local facilities and services available , they can spend more of their holidays having fun and relaxing .	1
2326	 In addition , both locals and tourists can experience more cultures than ever before , and they can be more open - minded to eliminate preconceptions and deepen mutual understanding among nations .	1
2327	 In conclusion , the prosperity of tourism can provide benefits for people on a global scale .	1
2328	 Although there are some inevitable problems , they are outweighed by advantages and can be tackled if proper measures are taken .	1
2329	 How to learn children more efficiently	0
2330	 Education is undeniably pivotal for an individual .	0
2331	 Although , it is agreed that learning by watching TV is more effective to some children , I find it difficult not to oppose against the idea of having students spend more time on TVs .	0
2332	 The reason for this is traditional education has its stand for most appropriate method .	1
2333	 Thus , physical inactivity should not be encouraged for the aim of bettering youngsters ' skills .	1
2334	 To begin with , classic teaching methods has been scientifically proven and utilized as the best mode of educate a child .	1
2335	 Technology and its advance , to some degrees , have influenced the educational industry positively .	1
2336	 Nevertheless , it has not changed the importance of teachers ' role in classes .	1
2337	 The fact that students nowadays do their homework or researches on computers rather than go to libraries is an illustration for this .	1
2338	 Yet , monitors are unable to replace the appearance of educators since their knowledge and adaptability is priceless .	1
2339	 Therefore , teacher cannot be switched with some unconscious screens .	1
2340	 Secondly , watching television is a very passive action and should not be promoted by increasing periods spent on it .	1
2341	 On the other hand , children who have had such activities that interrelate to creativity , cooperation , competition tend to perform significantly better in general terms .	1
2342	 For instance , a conducted experiment indicates out - performance in skills like differentiate types of plants or animals of a child that experienced various activities in nature to a child spent most of his time watching documentaries .	1
2343	 As a result , such activities can equip a child necessary skill that is useful for his future career .	1
2344	 In conclusion , despite the fact that learning by watching TV suits some children , kids should never be encourage to engage in such passive activity .	1
2345	 School has been applying traditional teaching procedure since for ages .	1
2346	 Additionally , it still performs at its best to equip a child with essential skills .	1
2347	 The option to work or study from home is advantage or disadvantage	0
2348	 Undoubtedly this is an era of internet which impacts one ' s personal as well as professional life .	0
2349	 The effect is seen more on the developed countries where people choose to work or study from home instead of going to office or university .	0
2350	 Some consider this approach to be an advantage while others reject this as a disadvantage .	0
2351	 Both the points of views will be discussed in order .	0
2352	 On the one hand , the benefit that professionals or students get by connecting from home is enormous .	1
2353	 For one , it helps working people to maintain work life balance .	1
2354	 The best example is the new mother who can join her work as well as take care of her baby .	1
2355	 People also get the desired flexibility in terms of working hours .	1
2356	 For students too , studying from home is an attractive option .	1
2357	 They save the travelling time to Universities and utilize that time on their studies .	1
2358	 In a busy city like Tokyo , students waste a lot of time in travelling .	1
2359	 Thus , the advantages that people enjoy by working or studying from home , are obvious .	1
2360	 On the other hand , one part of the society , has doubt over the productivity of people who prefers to work or study from home .	0
2361	 Many employers argue that once an employee works from isolation , he or she spends a lot of time in communication via phone or email with colleagues .	1
2362	 This harms an employee ' s deliverable .	1
2363	 Teachers think that students get affected too as they can not clear their doubts in study topics instantly .	1
2364	 Due to this they lag in their studies .	0
2365	 These factors affect people who work or study from home .	1
2366	 Following both the point of views , the option of working or studying from home is thought to provide more benefits than drawbacks .	1
2367	 It is hoped that people will continue to use internet to work or study and improve on the disadvantages into the foreseeable future .	0
2368	 Some celebrities misguide young people & some guide them in right direction	0
2369	 Some people think that celebrities are known for their glamorous lifestyle rather than the work they do .	0
2370	 While I agree this will bring negative impacts on the younger generation , this is not necessarily the case for those celebrities who are ambitious in their jobs .	1
2371	 It is true that some celebrities tend to show off their images in front of the public .	1
2372	 For example , some movie starts enjoy wearing luxury brand clothes and showing their expensive life style in front of the media , thereby gaining the public attention .	1
2373	 If they continue to behave in such a way , it will create a misleading image to young people who may think that extraordinary life can be achieved without hard work .	1
2374	 Consequently , the attention of young people may become focused on chasing the dream of celebrity status .	1
2375	 This is detrimental to study and work ethics and habits .	0
2376	 Nevertheless , I believe that other celebrities do set up role models to young people because of their visible accomplishments .	1
2377	 Firstly , celebrities such as sports player whose performance and professional skills can be directly seen by their fans .	1
2378	 This means that people understand that the great deal of efforts on training is directly linked to their results .	1
2379	 Therefore , this kind of self - made celebrity can inspire children to develop their talents through application and perseverance .	1
2380	 Secondly , other celebrities such as musician also have achieved great success in their career .	1
2381	 Take Michael Jackson as an example , his works are widely spread around the world , and have been extremely welcomed by the younger generation .	1
2382	 His songs spread the idea that people should care about each other , which suggests to young people how to become a good member of society .	1
2383	 In summary , although some celebrities misguide young people by showing their external wealth and appearance , other celebrities do lead young people in the right direction .	1
2384	 Old and young workers	0
2385	 Throughout human history , the offspring has always proved its stronger adaptability and advancement than its predecessor .	0
2386	 This is still true in the industrial society nowadays , where younger workers are preferably employed and promoted rather than over - 50 workers .	0
2387	 There are three reasons that can explain their unresponsiveness to the modern workplace .	0
2388	 First and foremost , old workers are not a patch on the younger ones for their unchanged paradigm .	1
2389	 The old were raised in poverty , probably caused by war , look at the world from a negative and pessimistic point of view .	1
2390	 The misery is so ingrained in their mind that they refuse to change , or more precisely , to accept the existence of such modernity .	1
2391	 For example , most would rather choose to piece together parts of a machine than have it done by a robot for their disbelief of its efficiency and safety compared with human ' s capability .	1
2392	 Secondly , their unresponsiveness can be attributed to their attitude towards life .	1
2393	 In other words , that they are aware of their deteriorating health and lack of enthusiasm comes with their taste for monotony and safe ideology .	1
2394	 This , by all means , is outweigh by youngsters ' adventurousness and bravery .	1
2395	 Blatantly seen , success of most companies stems from young people , whose enterprising ideas that catch up with the world is regarded as wind of refreshment .	1
2396	 Last but not least , knowledge is worth mentioning as a key factor to help young workers outrank the elderly .	1
2397	 Who would the employer choose , an old man with old - fashioned education and a young man who is not only good at fundermentaly subject , but also knows how to program or how to speak foreign languages .	1
2398	 Not to undermine old workers , but their lack of authority over such basically required fields in this day and age leads to their incompetence in every modern workplace .	1
2399	 All in a nutshell , workers over 50 have proven themselves subordinate to the following generation in all aspects .	1
2400	 However , in my point of view , it is still of great importance to remain the harmonious coexistence of both sides for the smooth sailing of the company .	1
2401	 Machines - positive or negative for humans	0
2402	 Advancements in technology have touched new heights in past few decades .	0
2403	 This can be seen no where clearer than in increasing use of machines now a days .	0
2404	 These machines reduce the physical work done by humans .	0
2405	 Some people think that this is a positive development while others believe it to be disadvantageous for humans . Both sides will be critiqued before a reasoned conclusion is reached .	0
2406	 It is felt by many that the usage of machines is harmful for health of humans since machines decrease the work done by people .	1
2407	 For example , in many institutions staircases are replaced by lifts now a days .	1
2408	 People opt for elevators instead of climbing one or two flight of stairs .	1
2409	 It is confirmed in a number of researches that daily usage of elevators in workplaces promotes obesity .	1
2410	 So this example clearly shows the linkage between using machines and adverse health effects .	1
2411	 On other side of the coin , many people believe that usage of machines makes work easier and less time is consumed for doing similar amount of work .	1
2412	 Take the example of use of food processors in kitchens .	1
2413	 The work of chopping , blending , grating , kneading has become so easy that people can not imagine their lives without this simple machine at their homes .	1
2414	 Thus it is very obvious that using machines makes daily tasks less time consuming and less cumbersome .	1
2415	 After analyzing these two points of view , it is believed that using machines is advantageous as machines make work easy and smooth .	1
2416	 The negative effects on health can be put on the back seat because there are many other ways to exercise and stay healthy .	1
2417	 Therefore , it is hoped that in coming time people will enjoy using more and more machines and will choose alternative ways to stay disease free .	0
2418	 Way to reduce the amount of traffic ?	0
2419	 Big cities nowadays can be described as melting pots .	0
2420	 The problem off traffic overload , caused by overpopulation , has aroused interest of many city planners .	0
2421	 It is argued that only if the demand to go out on the street is cut down can we solve the seemingly insurmountable issue of traffic gridlock .	0
2422	 However , I have to profoundly disagree for there are still two viable solutions besides besides this way .	0
2423	 First of all , public transport is a key factor to minimize the number of vehicles on the street .	1
2424	 Buses and trains have been phased in the streets for quite a long time and have proven themselves the best candidates among all options .	1
2425	 Apparently , a bus can carry no less than 30 people , while a train can carry as much as nine or even ten times of that number .	1
2426	 Not to mention the fact that highway train is operated underground , which leaves the street above with buses and non - fuel - based vehicles .	1
2427	 Together , they will lessen the crowded image in most cities nowadays .	1
2428	 Second , rarely do we realize the helpful existence of urban areas .	0
2429	 It is believed that if some of the enormous shopping malls or universities were relocated in the commuter belt , the city street would be les burstling and overly - teemed as it is now .	1
2430	 As a rule of thumb , huge centers of attention distributed equally in a wide region means that residential areas will come along thus exert less pressure on the public facilities .	1
2431	 The city itself will be absolved of enduring the influx of immigrants as well as unemployed people .	1
2432	 In conclusion , city planner can still opt for non - personal vehicle and the exploitation of the suburb areas .	1
2433	 It is highly recommended to put forward such solution , especially in some developing countries like Vietnam or China , with the ever - growing demand for job or education .	0
2434	 Effect of celebrities on youth	0
2435	 Young people all over the world are greatly influenced by media and celebrities .	0
2436	 These celebrities are popular among younger generations because of their glamorous lifestyles .	0
2437	 It is agreed that following celebrities can be dangerous for the youth .	1
2438	 This will be proven by looking at how health and personality of young people is affected by following celebrities as their mentors .	0
2439	 First of all , it is seen that following celebrities blindly affects the health of adolescents .	1
2440	 Many young people indulge themselves in drugs and start smoking at an early age .	1
2441	 For example , in a survey carried out in a university , it was asked to students that why did they start smoking , then around forty percent of individuals answered that they wanted to look like their favorite screen actor while smoking cigarettes .	1
2442	 This example makes it clear that imitating celebrities has a negative influence on health of young individuals .	1
2443	 Secondly , it is believed that when youth follows celebrities it affects personality of young people in a bad way .	1
2444	 Adolescents follow not only the make up and attire of their favorite stars but also their behavior .	1
2445	 For instance recently in a poll conducted by an American magazine it was found that most of the parents and teachers complain that teenagers use derogatory words and abusive language at home and at schools .	1
2446	 So , this example makes it obvious that these glamorous celebrities have a poor effect on the conduct of young people .	1
2447	 Thus to conclude , it can be said that when young people follow celebrities , it affects their health as well as behavior in a negative way .	1
2448	 This has an overall effect on personality and future of an individual .	1
2449	 Therefore it is recommended that young people should be educated not to follow these celebrities blindly , rather they should focus on their career so that they may hope for a bright future .	0
2450	 The gender issue for getting education needs	0
2451	 The gender issues have been already discussing for many years in order to give solutions for realising the equal proportion of developing human resources .	0
2452	 Implementing the statue and right of equal education are believed as a sustainable policy that should be held .	0
2453	 Nowadays , there are many institutions that accept the same average number of male and female students in many kinds of course .	1
2454	 I strongly agree about this statement .	0
2455	 The proportion of women is rising year by year in many parts of the world recently .	1
2456	 Automatically , the issue stimulates the stakeholders from many places to think what kind of preparations they should take for stabilising the economic growth and the quality life of people .	1
2457	 We can see now that women tend to work in various fields which in the past normally done by men such as being engineers , and dealing with machines .	1
2458	 Those activities have proven that women can also do the men ' s works .	1
2459	 Therefore , female students are indicated having the same potential and capability as men .	1
2460	 Another reason is order to gaining higher education degree as it is required to establish a person ' s career .	0
2461	 These days , it is so hard for young people to get a proper job when they have not degree certificate from Universities .	1
2462	 So , learning from human ' s history , education provides someone to widen his or her knowledge and experience for facing the real situation of workplace through subject taught in college .	1
2463	 According to this opinion , giving equal education for both men and women is a must .	1
2464	 In conclusion , the needs for having developed - skills and gaining degree certificate in order to build someone ' s career are totally needed to implement and applied for any gender .	1
2465	 As the world ' s situation is always changing , act for distributing education needs are absolutely important to compete the future challenges .	1
2466	 Smoking should be made prohibited in public places	0
2467	 People the world over have designated smoothing as a shameful practice and a lethal habit .	0
2468	 Several millions of smokers die suffering from cancers such as lung and oral .	0
2469	 This bad habit also responsible for causing health hazards to passive - smokers : who are around smoking is taken place .	0
2470	 Thus , it is argued that smoking should be made prohibited in public places such as bus and railway stations .	1
2471	 This position will be proven by looking at how this arrangement has benefited both general public as well as smokers .	0
2472	 To start , non - smoking public would be undoubtedly benefited by enforcing such restrain .	1
2473	 Prior to 1980 ' s public places in Sri Lanka , illustrates unpleasant situation where people smoked freely .	1
2474	 Even in public transportation they engaged in this intolerant bad habit , some instances that lead to belligerent incidents .	1
2475	 After enforcing restrictions the situation came to control and this act as benefit rendered to the public .	1
2476	 In addition to this , introducing smoking ban in public places would greatly discourage people from engaging tobacco puffing .	1
2477	 For instance , further enforcement banned smoking in capital in Sri Lanka has reduced this consumption related diseases and deaths , as per the ministry of health .	1
2478	 As this shows , smoking restrictions has successfully daunted public from this bad puffing that put less strain on country ' s healthcare systems .	1
2479	 After analyzing smoke illegalization in public places in Sri Lanka , it has been proven benefits people enjoy this arrangement .	1
2480	 It is thus hoped governments would consider smoke banning in public places following footsteps of Sri Lanka as well as many other countries .	0
2481	 Future information technology : positive or negative ?	0
2482	 The appearance of information technology ( IT ) in the last 20 years has brought about significant developments in life standard as well as work efficiency .	0
2483	 However , it is believed that the evolution also proves to be detrimental .	0
2484	 In my opinion , there is a likelihood that future developments in IT will put the users at their own expense .	1
2485	 With the rapid developing pace , IT seems to have turned its users to its slaves .	1
2486	 In the past , there used to be World Wide Web or e - mail , but the cyber world now varies form games , online TV shows to means of communication , and probably still keeps going .	1
2487	 Such irrisistible temptations drift people from the real world to the unreal ones , resulting in their dependence on technical equipment .	1
2488	 What is more , the lack of soft skills attained form outdoor activities will agitate the IT addict , therefore , staying inside with computer and mobile phone will always be the first alternative .	1
2489	 Future IT has also aroused concern on health issues .	0
2490	 The existence of Skype , Viber or Yahoo has notably reduced even the longest distance into one click .	1
2491	 As a result , rarely do people go out of their comfot zone , provided with snack and air conditioner , to assemble with others in flesh .	1
2492	 Needless to say , their action will make a beeline for obesity , short - sighted , diabetes and other heart - related problems .	1
2493	 In conclusion , despite the contribution of IT to the society , its effect on the users ' independence and prositution should not be out of concern .	1
2494	 To my mind , there have to be some alterations before IT has more serious impact on each individual ' s life .	1
2495	 The maintenance of traditional skills and ways of life ?	0
2496	 There is no doubt the application of technological developments in some countries will be accompanied with modern skills and new lifestyles .	0
2497	 It is argued that these so - called cultural invasions will result in the distinction of national traditions , and there is no need to maintain them .	0
2498	 However , from my point of view , what can be expected , is a change of the role of the tradition but not its disappearance from the society .	1
2499	 It is undeniable that the country ' s culture is passed down mainly through traditional skills and ways of life .	1
2500	 For instance , in Vietnam , many water puppet shows which once demonstrated our seasonal agriculture and communal activities , are today substituted by cinemas and music concerts .	1
2501	 This means the young generation can solely get access to their ancestor ' s early life through books and images , which otherwise would be much more easily absorbed .	1
2502	 In tradition , a person should look back at the past , mainly by means of custom handcraft or antique lifestyle , to progress .	1
2503	 Understanding why , and how our predecessors survived through thick and thin will probably be invaluable lessons for us today .	1
2504	 Also , study form their mistakes helps us accomplish our goal with smooth sailing .	1
2505	 To sumarize , there should never be any replacement for traditional skills or ways of life .	1
2506	 They are the ones that teach , and will teach us to be self - esteem and experienced , which means their preservation throughout history deserve our attention .	1
2507	 The zoo deserves maintenance and public respect	0
2508	 For a long time , the zoo has been a second home to endangered animals .	0
2509	 However , other people believe that the existence of zoos is next to nothing .	0
2510	 In my opinion , the zoo deserves maintenance and public respect for two specific reasons .	1
2511	 First of all , the zoo should be considered as a means of education with regard to providing real and vivid materials for learners .	1
2512	 With zoos , pupils will have a chance of observing the habit and unique instinct of , for instance , a lion or a crocodile .	1
2513	 At a higher level , it is of university students ' benefits to do biological research based on practical statistics and live recordings , which otherwise would not be at hand .	1
2514	 This means that the zoos conduce to the acquisition of knowledge at various levels .	1
2515	 Secondly , the zoo also serve as a means of ecological protection .	1
2516	 Nowadays the process of globalisation is accompanied by the encroachment upon natural habitats , which consequently calls for the help of zoos .	1
2517	 What is more , the ever - increasing huntings are having a heavy toll on rare and specious species .	1
2518	 Only when zoos appear are such distinction - driven animals as : giraffe , panda , koala or leopard provided with their own inaccessible territory .	1
2519	 In sum , the role of zoos towards both human and animals is undeniably indispensable .	1
2520	 It is highly recommended that zoos should be seen with different perspective in order to function at their most efficiency .	0
2521	 Languages ' extinction , discuss both views	0
2522	 It is true that the increasing number of languages which are at risk of extinction has become one of the most significant issues that many people of today ' s society are very concerned for .	0
2523	 The question whether our government should make an effort to preserve them by investing more money on that minority languages or not is still a debatable one .	0
2524	 I personally suppose that no matter how widely they are spoken , every language should be protected from being disappeared .	1
2525	 There are several reasons why saving regional languages could be seen as a waste of money .	1
2526	 Firstly , we need to consider that if the government expands the use scope of that languages , it can be really expensive because educational programmes will need to be given so as to keep young people learning and using them .	1
2527	 For example , some certain areas in the Southern Vietnam have been trying to help their secondary school students who are originally from khmer people speak their language beside Vietnamese , so the local government has recently struggled with their costly investments on language teachers , facilities and appropriate materials .	1
2528	 Secondly , it is obvious that in many aspects such as communication , trade , cooperation as well as transaction , it will be absolutely easier for the whole society to work together in one language only .	1
2529	 Despite of the above arguments , i still strongly believe that the government should try to preserve minority languages .	1
2530	 This is because language can be seen as much more than just one method of communication .	1
2531	 In addition , forming a language must be undergone thousands of years ; thus , it deserves to be respected and preserved .	1
2532	 Last but not least , language is one of the essential factors creating the differences and unique cutures in the world .	1
2533	 Therefore , saving the use of that kinds of languages in this case generally is the most important element of the cultural diversity ' s preservation .	1
2534	 In conclusion , although letting languages spoken by ethnic minorities be extinct seems to be very beneficial , it will definitely impact seriously on many other aspects especially in the loss of our cultural heritages .	1
2535	 Prevention is better than cure	0
2536	" There has always been a saying in medicine : 	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
Prevention	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
is	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
better	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
than	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
cure	O	O	N	SP: 2	Sentence: 5050	Doc: essay376
 ."	0
2537	 This statement has raised a question whether the government should allocate a large sum out of the national health budget to educating and phasing in health - protected measures .	0
2538	 In my opinion , this plan should be put into practice for the two reasons mentioned accordingly .	1
2539	 No one can argue the importance to include health lessons in school programmes , especially at primary level , in the hope of raising people ' s awareness .	1
2540	 Children should be taught about balanced diets , nutritious food as well as harmful ones , thereby they will have a fundamental grasp of how to lead a healthy lifestyle .	1
2541	 What is more , it is much easier for people at early ages to form a habit of , for instance , not consuming too much fast food , over - fried food or intoxicants .	1
2542	 In addition , it will be of economic benefit to pre - empt certain kinds of diseases .	1
2543	 Needless to say , such unpreventable illnesses as cancer or HIV will cost the victim a fortune , not to cure , but to lengthen his longevity for 1 or 2 more years .	1
2544	 Similarly , if humans tend to keep fit more regularly by participating in outdoor activities or using health - care product , obesity , myopia or other diseases that require expensive treatments will never stand a chance .	1
2545	 To sum up , I have to concede to the materialistic diversion from treatment to health education and preventative measures .	1
2546	 This will yield positive results on not only the people ' s physical and mental development but also their finance .	1
2547	 University education restriction	0
2548	 Universtiy is an entrance to life .	0
2549	 It equips us with a package of wisdom and virtue to succeed .	0
2550	 It is the importance of university that raises a question whether students with best scholastic performance deserve university study or just any young wishful people .	0
2551	 Both sides are to be discussed before a conclusion is reached .	0
2552	 To begin with , outstanding academic students are eligible for university due to their intellectual advantage .	1
2553	 To be precise , such abstract or complicated informatin , easily absorbed by those students , may prove as a matter of pressure for those who lack equivalent skills .	1
2554	 Besides , it is undeniable that one deserves what he has done .	1
2555	 University is like a gift presented to those who have gone to great length to attain .	1
2556	 However , university is not just about academic studies but also a place to nurture artistic talent and develop soft skills .	1
2557	 Therefore , it should be up for grabs for a majority of young people , who wish to pursue their passion as well as develop comprehensively .	1
2558	 What is more , there is a tendency for social vices to rise if university is to be restricted to only the best people .	1
2559	 Apart from the disheartened ones , many devoiding of neccessary preparations are likely to be recipes for failure when applying for jobs , mostly the white - collar ones .	1
2560	 In conclusion , university restriction has both pros and cons .	1
2561	 In my opinion , it will yield more negative results than positive ones .	1
2562	 That ' s why it should be made available for a wide range of learners .	1
2563	 Teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects	0
2564	 Recently , there has been a social concern with regard to who is the best teacher for children ' s education .	0
2565	 Indeed , children grow up with two important people , their parents and teachers , and both are important in children ' s development .	0
2566	 As far as I am concerned , I agree with the view that the teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects .	1
2567	 In the first place , school teachers are more qualified than parents in the field of education .	1
2568	 For instance , to be able to obtain the teacher certificates , people need years of training at their normal schools to learn theoretical knowledge .	1
2569	 However , in comparison to teachers , parents tend to have less knowledge to teach their children ' s subjects such as mathematics and physics .	1
2570	 Furthermore , teaching staff are professional and experienced in terms of promoting children ' s communication skills .	1
2571	 For example , after many years of teaching experience , teacher are able to know how to help children to develop important life skills such as learning personal boundaries , facing future problems and learning important conflict resolution skills .	1
2572	 By contrast , parents are facing difficult generation gap with their children because they are less likely to know how to handle family conflicts in an efficient way .	1
2573	 Last but not least , compared with teachers , parents do not have enough time to spend with their children .	1
2574	 Nowadays we are facing a global economic crisis and it is necessary for both parents to work , hence there is only limited time for them to teach their children .	1
2575	 Thus , it was impossible for them to be a good teacher .	1
2576	 In conclusion , teachers are the best for children ' s education .	1
2577	 Not only do they contribute much to children ' s professional skills but also they can teach their students important social communication techniques in order to survive in this competitive world .	1
2578	 Salary is the most important consideration when choosing a job	0
2579	 Along with the increasing physical demands of human life , salary has become the most influential consideration in defining careers of everyone .	0
2580	 I personally suppose that there are still many other aspects which should be seen as important as income when people choose a job .	1
2581	 In the following paragraphs , some of my viewpoints would be given and analyzed respectively .	0
2582	 On one hand , i agree that money is very essential in order to meet human ' basic needs .	1
2583	 More specifically , people tend to choose high salary jobs so as to not only help themselves but also support partially or wholly their family ' s living needs such as food , clothes , accommodation , education , medication .	1
2584	 It is obvious that people who are woking in art or painting industries , for example , will find it quite difficult to live comfortably and enjoyably .	1
2585	 This is because they are doing what they love , their income however seems to be quite low compared to many other career paths .	1
2586	 On the other hand , i believe that if we are passionate about what we are working , we are likely to achieve success easily in that field .	1
2587	 There are plenty of people , who are now really successful , have started working in challenging as well as competitive fields as singers , dancers and painters .	1
2588	 Besides , important factors in choosing a job such as level of happiness , satisfaction of jobs , personal relationships , professional skills , working environment , managers and colleagues should not be underestimated .	1
2589	 Finally , some people choose a career due to their desire to help others and contribute positively to their countries and societies .	1
2590	 In conclusion , it is undeniable that income is still a vital determination impacting us on choices of careers .	1
2591	 Nonetheless , passion on jobs , in my opinion , can bring actual happiness and help us get promoted in working to earn even more money later on .	1
2592	 Increased taxation on petrol and diesel fuel to discourage private cars ?	0
2593	 There is no doubt our life has had a change for the better since cars were introduced .	0
2594	 However , cars themselves , especially private ones , have exerted severe pressure on the environment and economy for wasteful oil consumption .	0
2595	 While many believe that petrol and diesel fuel should be charged with the highest taxation , I strongly disagree with this notion .	1
2596	 One can not deny the fact that if petrol and fuel taxation are raised , people might hesitate choosing a personal automobile .	1
2597	 Taxation may have tackled the environmental issue simply by diverting people to public transportations such as trains , buses or ferries .	1
2598	 Additionally , for those who have already afforded a car , there is a likelihood it is restraint from usage on long journeys or to crowded cities .	1
2599	 However , taxation on flamable resources might backfire by conducing to inflation .	1
2600	 To be precise , the more costly petrol is , the higher the price of necessary product : rice , meat or even vegetable .	1
2601	 Consequently , people have to turn to cheaper alternatives , which might cause the abundance in goods and later on , economic crisis .	1
2602	 Another point that should be taken into account is countries that import oil will be more dependent on the exporters , both politically and financially .	1
2603	 Suppose that the those countries cut down on its oil support , other nations will have to pay more as well as release beneficial policies for them .	1
2604	 America , for example , has recently drawn its intervention in Russian crisis only due to the influx of oil .	1
2605	 To summarize , higher fuel and petrol cost has its own pros and cons .	1
2606	 However , it disadvantages may outweigh its advantages with regard to economic and politic issues , making it advisable to seek another options to reduce the use of personal cars .	1
2607	 Police force carries guns - significant impact for level of violence	0
2608	 The increasing number of street criminals leading to carrying guns in police force has become one of the most significant issues that many people of today ' s society are very concerned for .	0
2609	 Few individuals assume that this trend reflects and enhances the high level of violence in society .	1
2610	 I totally agree with this viewpoint for some specific reasons which would be given and analyzed in the following paragraphs .	0
2611	 First of all , we need to consider that police armed with guns or any other kinds of legal weapons just attempts to protect not only civilians but also himself .	1
2612	 As a result , criminals todays are very sophisticated so they spend a large amount of money to acquire modern weapons to cope with the police and serve their own nefarious needs .	1
2613	 Thus , citizens in that society can be shot by both police and offenders accidentally .	1
2614	 Moreover , while on duty , not only are private citizens affected but facilities such as cars , houses , streets are likely to be destroyed by guns .	1
2615	 Therefore , a society that its police force carries guns will be definitely seen as a highly violent one .	1
2616	 Secondly , police force carries guns only in high crime societies .	1
2617	 Hence , people and police in those ones usually deal with dangerous diverse crime ' s categories such as theft , robbery , murder , rape , vandalism , arson .	1
2618	 Obviously , Those are possibly the strongest evidences to determine a society suffering a high level of violence .	1
2619	 In conclusion , from the above views , although being armed with guns in the police force is necessary , it will bring the higher level of violence .	1
2620	 Additionally , the government should to impose strict laws in carrying weapons as well as give professional training to them in order to avoid any influence on civilians ' lives .	0
2621	 Negative effects of technological process	0
2622	 It is undeniable that technological process has brought numerous benefits making human life become more and more comfortable and easy .	0
2623	 Some individuals assume that this technological development also causes many drawbacks impacting seriously on our lives .	0
2624	 I personally disagree with this view .	0
2625	 In the following paragraphs , both sides of the above matter as well as my own view ' s explanations would be analyzed and given , respectively .	0
2626	 Firstly , it is undoubtedly that thanks to modern technology invented recently , human life has been improved dramatically .	1
2627	 Air - conditioners , computers , cellphones , washing machines , for example , is likely to be seen as greatest inventions helping people to reduce stress and time for other activities .	1
2628	 Moreover , applying technological science into the preparation of medications also plays a significant role in saving the number of patients ' lives .	1
2629	 However , some negative aspects of technological process need to be mentioned clearly .	0
2630	 In spite of bring fantastic advantages , technological products have devastated the natural environment indirectly through its production process .	1
2631	 This is because exploiting and collecting raw materials as well as essential fuels to serve the production of technological products have destroyed nature seriously .	1
2632	 Last but not least , technology may decrease a great deal of creativity in certain groups of people especially children and the youth due to the dependence upon available achievements .	1
2633	 In conclusion , I totally believe that technology has a great contribution to our lives and civilization .	1
2634	 We can not neglect profound impact of great technological process on human life .	1
2635	 Nonetheless , its adverse effects need controlling more reasonably .	0
2636	 Large amount of violence in television programs	0
2637	 Excessive violence in television programs has been one of the major concerns facing society .	0
2638	 Reducing such contents from TV shows is the widely accepted solution endorsed by the majority of governments throughout the world today .	0
2639	 Personally , I believe that governments should definitely reduce violent components to the minimum in kidvids , while such contents remain in the TV shows that for mature minds to watch would be entirely reasonable .	1
2640	 Admittedly , reducing the proportion of violent content in TV shows could , to some degree , decrease the overall crime rate .	1
2641	 However , in order to tackle this problem more effectively , governments must first prohibit any types of violent content in all children ' s television programs .	1
2642	 As a result of mental immaturity , most youngsters are incapable of distinguishing right from wrong .	1
2643	 Little wonder , then , that by watching these violent TV programs and videos , juveniles will become very aggressive and offensive and have a great tendency to commit crimes .	1
2644	 Therefore , it would be rather necessary for governments to establish an intensive law that prevents teenagers from watching these violent and brutal TV Shows and movies .	1
2645	 Nevertheless , it would certainly be a violation of adults ' civil liberties , if governments implement such a restricted regulation on these TV shows or movies that only for mature audiences .	1
2646	 Frequently , adults watch horror video or war movies for relaxing themselves after a busy day .	1
2647	 For whom , such media sources are mere materials of relaxation and entertainment .	1
2648	 Considering that these mature minds are capable of being responsible for their own behaviors , they certainly have the right to watch TV shows or movies that are appealing to them .	1
2649	 In conclusion , it is my belief that violent contents must be excluded from all kidvids in order to reduce the proportion of juvenile delinquency ; however , the adults should not be the victim of this policy .	1
2650	 Do guns can really increase the level of violence ?	0
2651	 The number of criminality is increase rapidly throughout the world .	0
2652	 Some inhabitants argue that this case appears because the guns are always used by a police to solve a criminal act .	0
2653	 Personally , I tend to disagree with this statement , while I believe that other factors contribute a slight incline level of violence .	0
2654	 On the one hand , I agree that a police holds a responsibility to tackle of violence in the urban or suburban areas using a gun .	1
2655	 An obvious example of this happens in The United State , a man killed more than ten people in the cinema using a weapon , while a police shot in the foot to paralyze him .	1
2656	 Obviously , police officers can force a criminal to surrender , because they have a weapon which will prevent an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public .	1
2657	 As a result , some military weapons need encouraging for police officers to protect the public and minimize the rate of violence .	1
2658	 On the other hand , there are some reason why the level of bloody increases significantly in the communities .	1
2659	 Firstly , the number of unemployment rate has risen to 15 percent in several globalized and non - globalized countries .	1
2660	 Many well - qualified and well - educated person cannot earn some money to live comfortably .	1
2661	 Secondly , cost of living in the big city is extremely expensive , so this problem impresses some people who live under the poverty line to do anything to pay their basic needs .	1
2662	 Many baggers chose to be a pickpocket in the public transport , for instance .	1
2663	 In conclusion , it seems to me that the guns which are used by police have not been a trigger of higher level of violence .	1
2664	 However , some cases occupy a crucial reason to do a criminality in society such unemployment .	0
2665	 In my view , the main focus is decreasing a level of unemployment to avoid a criminal act .	0
2666	 Gun control and increasing violence	0
2667	 Some people may argue that allowing policemen to carries firearms can increase violence in the society .	0
2668	 To some extent , I do not agree with this assertion because I believe that criminal minds that breed violence not stringent gun control .	1
2669	 First of all , it seems to be true that if there is gun control somehow crime has to decrease because fewer guns available mean less crime .	1
2670	 However , this is not as simple as it sounds .	1
2671	 In fact , stringent gun control does not decrease violence and crime because most gun violence is committed with guns obtained illegally .	1
2672	 People who are intent to commit crime and control cities through gang violence and other means will find a way to continue to use guns , regardless of gun control .	1
2673	 Moreover , there will be law non - abiding people anywhere in the world , either polices or common citizens .	1
2674	 As a result , the root of violence is criminal mind not the weapon itself .	1
2675	 Therefore , if a government wants to control crime in a community , it is important to manage their people ' s actions rather than gun used in violent crimes .	1
2676	 All in all , it is obvious that there is a poor relationship between polices carrying guns and an increasing violence rate .	1
2677	 On the other hand , criminal mind seems to be more related to violence .	1
2678	 Consequently , we should pay more attention to adjust people ' s behaviors in order to reduce crimes instead of gun control .	0
2679	 Celebrities & Their Influences	0
2680	 Some people argue that adolescents are being influenced badly by untalented people who become famous thanks to their luxurious lifestyle and wealth .	0
2681	 To some extent , I do not agree with this statement .	0
2682	 First of all , it is true that people use their money to become an inspiration are definitely not a good mirror for young people .	1
2683	 We definitely do not want our children to spend money on luxurious custom or lifestyle just to be similar to someone , especially when these people are not symbols of any talent but showing off .	1
2684	 However , the young generation these days is very conscious toward positive lifestyles .	1
2685	 They are mostly being educated at very early ages by family or schools as to distinguish what is benefit for them .	1
2686	 Therefore , it is not easy to influence young people these days when they are well equipped of life skills .	1
2687	 Moreover , it seems to me that not many people can exist in the celebrities ' world without any talents or achievements .	1
2688	 We are giving chances to many teenagers to show their intelligence in different talent shows , for example ; The Voice , X Factor or Next Top Models etc .	1
2689	 As a result , to become a star and an inspiration for people , a person need to have real talent to compete with other candidates .	1
2690	 Thus , only money and glamour look are not enough for a person to be recognized anymore , it is importance that they have to have achievements in order to be a muse to youngsters .	1
2691	 In conclusion , people without talents cannot be famous in this changing world and to be accredited they need to contribute positively to young generation .	1
2692	 That is the reason why celebrities nowadays give more good influence on young people than they were previously .	1
2693	 Mobile phones : faster communication vs social problems	0
2694	 Recently , there has been a social concern with regard to whether or not mobiles phones have negative effects on our social life .	0
2695	 Indeed , mobile phones have widely been used by people of all ages .	0
2696	 However , I believe , this great invention in the 21st century causes many problems in our society .	1
2697	 In the first place , spending too much time on mobiles phones many exert an adverse effect on our social skills .	1
2698	 For example , as people , especially teenagers increasingly tend to focus on their phones , they may lose their interests on daily activities such as meeting with friends , and this lack of communication may impair their future negotiation and interpersonal skills .	1
2699	 Moreover , continuous use of mobile phones may also damage children ' s eyesight and physical posture .	1
2700	 As a result , it is harmful for us to use mobile phones frequently .	1
2701	 Furthermore , the growing number of mobiles games will impact their mental development .	1
2702	 For instance , there many game applications available online and many of them are quite aggressive in nature .	1
2703	 In these games , children are rewarded to help their characters to kill or shoot monsters or characters controlled by other players , and this many lead to development of aggressive feelings , thoughts and behaviors .	1
2704	 Consequently , frequent conflicts may occur during communication .	1
2705	 However , we may perceive this issue from different viewpoints .	0
2706	 Mobile phones , such as smart phones , has made our communication easy and convenience .	1
2707	 The reason is that , as most of the telecommunication companies provide us with access to the internet via our phones , people are able to enjoy sending instant messages and making international calls free of charge .	1
2708	 Thus , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication .	1
2709	 To sum up , although mobile phones make our communication faster , it also gives rise to many social problems such as children ' s social skills and their mental health .	1
2710	 Therefore , i highly advocate that we should use mobile phone in moderation in order to avoid these serious problems .	0
2711	 The environment problems facing today ' s world are so great	0
2712	 Nowadays , many countries are concerned with the environment problems .	0
2713	 There is a viewpoint that the government and big firms should assume the responsibility to protect the environment and normal citizens have nothing to do for that .	0
2714	 Personally , I think both government and common people should have the responsibility for the environment , but we need to analyze some specific situations .	1
2715	 On one hand , solving some environmental problems needs large budgets and various technologies , and the government and corporations have the ability to deal with these problems .	1
2716	 For example , air pollution and water quality has concerned many countries , and the government is able to implement some policies and invest money to reduce air pollution , while companies also can enhance their technologies to curb emission of contaminated water and substances .	1
2717	 However , individuals are unable to cope with these things .	1
2718	 Besides , the government and firms could have significant influences on environmental awareness of people .	1
2719	 It is necessary for every citizen to have the awareness and knowledge of environment protection .	1
2720	 This means that we should convey corresponding policies and knowledge to the public and society , and the government controls many influential media , such as TV stations and newspapers , which can provide plenty of environmental knowledge and related policies to citizens .	1
2721	 On the other hand , it is possible for ordinary people to participate in some actions of environment protection , and they also can benefit from the improvement of environment .	1
2722	 For instance , many people driving private cars could cause air pollution , and overusing plastic packages would affect the environment .	1
2723	 If people can gradually change some lifestyles in these daily activities , this will have many significant impacts on environmental improvement .	1
2724	 In conclusion , the government and corporations should take more responsibility for addressing environmental issues , but every citizen also can contribute to the environment .	1
2725	 Is it necessary to teach children handwriting ?	0
2726	 In this age of modern technology , some people usually underestimate the importance of teaching handwriting for children .	0
2727	 To some people , it is considered as an arduous and time consuming task .	0
2728	 From my point of view , children are those who need to be under instruction of handwriting for several reasons .	1
2729	 Despite the convenience from up - to - date facilities , handwriting still plays a vital role in students ' learning .	1
2730	 Firstly , this approach is a basis tool used in several fields such as taking notes , doing homework and writing .	1
2731	 It enables to improve learners ' spelling capacity and accompany reading or writing disabilities as well .	1
2732	 Under the guidance of parents or teachers , children can benefit from practicing handwriting .	1
2733	 This way of writing will encourage them to pay more attention on content , elaborate in details and develop their organization abilities .	1
2734	 Secondly , parents and schools should give priority on directing their kids about handwriting as poor handwriting can have a negative impact on students ' school performance .	1
2735	 The fact is that kids who are bad at handwriting meet difficulties in taking notes and catching up lessons .	1
2736	 It resulted in the missing of information and the lack of details during their works .	1
2737	 Moreover , the increasing taking advantage of advanced equipment could make students be lazier and more subjective in their writing skills .	1
2738	 For example , with the assistance of automatic grammar and spelling checking in office word , learners are now no need for noticing much in their mistakes .	1
2739	 To conclude , no matter how fast and convenient modern devices bring to us in writing , handwriting is still a needed skill for all of people , especially students at the early age .	1
2740	 The tax reduction of state school for parents who have children studying in private system	0
2741	 Some people who send their children to private schools contend that the amount of taxes they pay for the state education is unreasonable .	0
2742	 However , I am utterly convinced that these taxes are absolutely essential .	1
2743	 Firstly , by paying taxes for public school , affluent people effectively contribute to narrowing down the gap between rich and poor .	1
2744	 It is true that many poor families are not able to afford tuition fees for their kids to attend a course .	1
2745	 With the the tax amount for which they pay , the rich may help a vast number of students from families with poverty background to continue their studies , and earn a better quality of life .	1
2746	 Secondly , the tax reduction for parents of children studying in private schools would lead to a waste of public capital .	1
2747	 Obviously , this reduction would cause a difficulty to the tax calculation ; therefore , the government would have to recruit a greater workforce in order to handle this sophisticated issue .	1
2748	 In addition , the government would also pay the salary for the excessive officials , and this would result in insufficient investments in other crucial public sectors such as education or health care .	1
2749	 Many parents supporting for the idea of tax discounts claim that such tax payments are unfair for them .	1
2750	 They point out that it is irrational to require them to pay for the taxes they do not use .	1
2751	 Nevertheless , we also pay for the public services that we even do not experience a chance to employ like police or fire brigade .	1
2752	 We certainly do not hope for a reduction for these sorts of taxes .	1
2753	 On the whole , I do believe that taxes paying for state schools are necessary to be compulsory for all members of society no matter where their children enroll in .	1
2754	 Arts and public services are both important to the community and should be invested properly	0
2755	 There has been wide opinion that Government should invest more money on public services rather than arts such as music and theatre .	0
2756	 However , in my perspective , both public services and arts worth investment .	1
2757	 It is obvious axiomatic that indispensable public services like hospital and school worth every penny investing .	1
2758	 Investing in hospitals helps improve people ' s health , also , in schools assists with raising our children ' s education level .	1
2759	 Apparently if these facilities were not spent adequately , our standard of living would deteriorate .	1
2760	 But our standard of living also depend on another factor - spiritual life which is related closely with arts .	1
2761	 Arts include many forms and music as well as cinema are the most typical .	1
2762	 These two art forms not only provide the public with entertainment but also contribute significantly to the economy .	1
2763	 The income of film and music industries produce millions of dollars each year for the Goverment , for instance K - pop and Hollywood , and these industries can not survive without goverment ' s financial assistance .	1
2764	 The long and the short of it , both arts and public services are important to the community and should be invested properly .	1
2765	 Modern technology has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways	0
2766	 Nowadays , technology has been developing significantly , impacting many aspects of our life .	0
2767	 While there is belief that technology advances means a lost in traditional cultures , I would argue that although the affect of technology on culture is undeniable , it has also contributed to the preservation of traditonal culture .	1
2768	 Thanks to modern technology , our life has been improved with many gadgets .	1
2769	 The invention of mobile phone and internet has changed our traditional ways of communicating as well as working , it has also been much less labourous than in the pass with the assistance of electrical machineries .	1
2770	 However , these newfangled practices has replaced many old traditional ones .	1
2771	 For instance , factories equipped with new and highly - productive system has replaced old handmade products , the exchange of letters among friends is so hard to be seen as we have had emails and social network instead , new video games has superseded the old - physical ones .	1
2772	 Many old traditionally cultural things have long gone as a result of modern technology .	1
2773	 However , despite the drawback mentioned above , technology has also made some contributions to the maintenance and study of traditional cultures in some ways .	1
2774	 Internet has aided to assess the young generations to the cultural identity of many nations from all around the world .	1
2775	 With the help of advanced methods , many art masterpiece has been well restorated and well preserved .	1
2776	 Modern devices also assist the scientists to study the ancient societies much more deeply , hence discovering more cultural traces .	1
2777	 To give a brief conclusion , Modern technogy has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways .	1
2778	 Drugs , alcohol and messy sex lives	0
2779	 Celebrities , for example movie stars , are usually seen on media living a luxury life or having a new girlfriend , etc .	0
2780	 It is human nature that people , especially youngsters , are attracted to the celebrities they favour , and that is why the media prefer to cover as much news of the celebrities as possible .	0
2781	 But I tend to think that this is a worrying tread which has negative impact on children .	1
2782	 The first impression of the celebrities seems that they are rich while not having to work hard .	1
2783	 This gives children the idea that it is not necessary to study hard at school for a better career and earning a living .	1
2784	 Further more , they will not value other people ' s hard work and take everything for granted .	1
2785	 Meanwhile , not all celebrities are role models .	1
2786	 It is not uncommon to see on the media that some of them are committing to crimes or misbehaving such as being addicted to drugs or alcohols , having messy sex lives .	1
2787	 Worse still , without proper parenting , children may perceive that this is the cool life people are supposed to be living .	1
2788	 Of course , some celebrities , e . g . writers , passionate entrepreneurs are good examples to children for they share fascinating stories or how to pursue their goal by doing something that has a meaning to them and may change the world .	1
2789	 In conclusion , media should shift its focus from covering celebrities to elsewhere .	1
2790	 Meanwhile , children ' s access to the celebrities news on the media should be restricted and they should study only from the celebrities who can act positively .	0
2791	 Fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth	0
2792	 In today ' s world , having and raising children can be a very difficult task for families , the smallest component of the society .	0
2793	 While mother ' s role is essential in a child ' s life , I completely agree with the idea that fatherhood is a as vital part of a healty parantage as much as motherhood .	1
2794	 The first reason why the father ' s role should be equal to the mother ' s role is the nature of parantage .	1
2795	 In my view , the role models within a family play a significant role in the development of the child ' s characteristics .	1
2796	 For example , in a traditional Turkish family , while a mother has a sincere and thoughtful approach to the child , a father role must be present as authoritarian and conversative to raise a well - behaved child .	1
2797	 The second reason why I believe that fatherood is as important as motherhood is the dynamics of the relationships today .	1
2798	 In my opinion , we are living in a society that puts a significant importance to gender equality in every aspect of the life , including relationships .	1
2799	 For instance , a family formed by a woman with a housewife role who looks after the home and takes care of children and a man who brings money home can not be seen anymore in today ' s society .	1
2800	 Instead , all of the couple duties are performed equally and interchangeably by individuals .	1
2801	 Therefore , I believe that having and raising children should not be different than any other daily activity .	1
2802	 In conclusion , fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth due to providing appropriate parenthood and having healthy family relationships .	1
2803	 Children should studying hard or playing sport ?	0
2804	 Both can improve their future	0
2805	 Some people believe that studying hard is essential part for children , otherwise others people think that playing sport is waste of time .	0
2806	 In my point of view , both of studying hard and playing sports are part of life to children .	1
2807	 On the other hand , studying hard will give children a better future .	1
2808	 Studying hard gives children with a plenty of knowledge and skills for their future .	1
2809	 Naturally , children will be growing up and looking for their job .	0
2810	 For instance , children who always studying hard and getting high achievement , it will be easy to pass qualification for work and they are more likely to find great work at multinational company .	1
2811	 If they working at multinational company as the result is they can earn higher salary .	1
2812	 The message is when you always studying harder than others you will get best results .	1
2813	 At the same time , playing sports will give good effects on children .	1
2814	 There are many popular sports among children such as football , basketball , and volleyball .	0
2815	 Also , there are many benefit when children doing sport .	1
2816	 Firstly , children who always playing sport like football , they will be active as a person and learn to become team - player .	1
2817	 It will be good for children , because indirectly they will learn how to socialize each other as a team .	1
2818	 That will make children getting lots of friends , so they can contribute positively to community .	1
2819	 Secondly , playing sport makes children getting healthy and become children ' s well - being .	1
2820	 In conclusion , both studying hard at school and playing sports can improve children ' s future .	1
