	Sentence	Argument
0	 Should students be taught to compete or to cooperate ?	0
1	 It is always said that competition can effectively promote the development of economy .	0
2	 In order to survive in the competition , companies continue to improve their products and service , and as a result , the whole society prospers .	0
3	 However , when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation , what we are concerned about is not the whole society , but the development of an individual ' s whole life .	0
4	 From this point of view , I firmly believe that we should attach more importance to cooperation during primary education .	1
5	 First of all , through cooperation , children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students .	1
6	 What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly , how to get along with others .	1
7	 During the process of cooperation , children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others , how to communicate with others , how to think comprehensively , and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred .	1
8	 All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life .	1
9	 On the other hand , the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory .	1
10	 Hence it is always said that competition makes the society more effective .	1
11	 However , when we consider about the question that how to win the game , we always find that we need the cooperation .	1
12	 The greater our goal is , the more competition we need .	0
13	 Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance , it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach , and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet , and those who are in charge of the medical care .	1
14	 The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team .	0
15	 Therefore without the cooperation , there would be no victory of competition .	1
16	 Consequently , no matter from the view of individual development or the relationship between competition and cooperation we can receive the same conclusion that a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one ' s success .	1
17	 More people are migrating to other countries than ever before	0
18	 The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries .	0
19	 People moved due to a number of reasons , namely better educations or higher salary jobs .	0
20	 Some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries ' cultures .	0
21	 However I strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values .	1
22	 Firstly , maintaining one ' s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments .	1
23	 Take Australia for example , immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues .	1
24	 Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows , learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values .	1
25	 These feedbacks , in turn , help raise one ' s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more .	1
26	 Thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential .	1
27	 Secondly , it is crucial to keep one ' s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin .	1
28	 For instance , children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends .	1
29	 In this new environment , parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home .	1
30	 Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated , in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism .	1
31	 Hence , it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important .	1
32	 To conclude , although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one ' s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures .	1
33	 As far as I am concerned , sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society .	1
34	 International tourism is now more common than ever before	0
35	 The last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists traveling to visit natural wonder sights , ancient heritages and different cultures around the world .	0
36	 While some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries , I would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations .	1
37	 Firstly , international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country ' s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists .	1
38	 Take Cambodia for example , a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants , hotels , souvenir shops and other stores .	1
39	 These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard .	1
40	 Therefore tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country .	1
41	 Secondly , through tourism industry , many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected .	1
42	 For instance , in Vietnam , many cultural costumes and natural scenes , namely ' Trong Dong ' drum performance and ' Ha Long ' bay , are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry .	1
43	 Without this support and profit from tourism , many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works .	1
44	 Thus , tourism has survived many non - tangible cultural values and beauty scenes .	1
45	 To conclude , as far as I am concerned , international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries .	1
46	 In addition , the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments .	0
47	 Will newspapers become a thing of the past ?	0
48	 The internet has been more and more popular for recent years , providing people with a huge source of information .	0
49	 As a result of this , print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers .	0
50	 Some people , however , still believe that they can exist for long time ; others disagree , arguing that newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence .	1
51	 Personally , I am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons .	0
52	 First of all , to obtain information , using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers .	1
53	 Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper , nowadays , they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet , everywhere and at anytime .	1
54	 As can be seen , these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world , making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages .	1
55	 Hence , the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information .	1
56	 Another point is that , from the economic aspect , buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one .	1
57	 It is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries .	1
58	 The question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same , even usually less information than those he can have with the internet ?	0
59	 The answer , perhaps , is that hardly would rational people do so .	1
60	 For this reason , the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply , possibly leading to the close - downs of many in the coming time .	1
61	 Last , but not least , when taking environment into consideration , people must conceive that the more newspapers are published , the more trees are cut down .	1
62	 This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today .	1
63	 At this point , newspapers ' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive .	1
64	 In conclusion , it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media .	0
65	 However , this , if occurring , should be seen as a result of the ever - increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole .	0
66	 Government budget focus , young children or university ?	0
67	 Education is the investment in our future , as Senator Bernie Sanders once pointed out , education , which fosters a civilized society , plays a significant role in a country ' s long - lasting prosperity .	0
68	 It is no wonder that governments throughout the world lay special emphasis on education development .	0
69	 As for the two integral components within the system , elementary and advanced education , there ' s no doubt that a government is supposed to offer sufficient financial support for both .	1
70	 Concerning that elementary education , like the base of a architecture , is the fundamental requirement to be a qualified citizen in today ' s society , government should guarantee that all people have equal and convenient access to it .	1
71	 So a lack of well - established primary education goes hand in hand with a high rate of illiteracy , and this interplay seriously compromises a country ' s future development .	1
72	 In other words , if countries , especially the developing countries , are determined to take off , one of the key points governments should set on agenda is to educate more qualified future citizens through elementary education .	1
73	 That ' s not enough , for higher education , which represent the cutting edge of a country ' s academic achievements , act as the vanguard in economic and social advance .	1
74	 The high technology and new ideas applied into practice may not only lead a country to flourish but also elevate its status in the international community .	1
75	 Some may argue that universities can support themselve well by donation or invention , but this argument is invalid .	1
76	 Researches into humanities and art still need large amount of money , what ' s more , government ' s big budget on universities may attract more excellent intellectuals and researchers into the country and enjoy a higher reputation worldwide .	1
77	 From reasons listed above , we can safely draw the conclusion that , a government should spare effort on young children education as well as universities , both are crucial on the way to a brighter future .	1
78	 Roommates quality and their importance	0
79	 Much has been said about the importance about good roommates and how roommates will affect our life in school .	0
80	 Research showed that friends that we made in university are more likely to be life time friends and this especially applicable to roommate .	0
81	 In my personal opinion , the most important quality of roommates is being considered .	1
82	 In the meantime , communication is also another essential particularity of a good roommate .	1
83	 Consideration is always important in relationship .	1
84	 For example , roommate turns down the music or television volume at night time .	1
85	 Sometimes we will not know what we have done until we have a taste of our own medicine .	1
86	 At all times , think about the other ' s feeling before doing any self - centered action would help to improve the roommate relationship tremendously .	1
87	 Therefore , having a considered roommate is significantly imperative to our school life .	1
88	 It will not only prevent conflicts but also to have a friend or even a family member .	1
89	 Moreover , communication is as well making a good roommate .	1
90	 People have different habit in daily life , such as tidy the blanket in the morning .	1
91	 One might think this is a piece of cake while other would consider it as immense project .	1
92	 If one requested to move out just because his roommate do not tidy up the blanket in the morning might be crying over split milk .	1
93	 Therefore , communication is very important as it would clear up the misinterpretation .	1
94	 Through communication , bonded are build and we could have better understanding of each others .	1
95	 In conclusion , there are many valuable factors about roommate that are important .	0
96	 Consideration and communication , in my personal opinion , are the most important quality .	1
97	 However , people might not get what they want all the time .	0
98	 The sky is the limit ; there are all kinds of personality out there .	0
99	 We need to be flexible to be account into society .	0
100	 Should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways	0
101	 Nowadays transportation has attracted much social concern .	0
102	 Whether governments should invest more money in traffic infrastructure or focus more on developing public transportation has erupted endless controversy .	0
103	 It does not seem unreasonable to suggest that governments spend more money on buses , trains , and subways investment .	1
104	 Such public vehicles are used to serve a large number of people in society therefore they help alleviate traffic congestion and decrease the amount of carbon released into the air .	1
105	 Both these two things are important .	0
106	 First and foremost , carbon emission cut is significantly essential for protecting the atmosphere .	1
107	 The fact is that the more cars and motorbikes are on roads , the more seriously the ozone layer is damaged .	1
108	 If governments use more money to improve roads , there is a strong likelihood that more people drive their private cars work .	1
109	 This is sure to lead to more carbon emitted into the atmosphere , which can cause skin cancer and destroy the natural environment .	1
110	 Whereas , if there are more good buses , trains , or subways , people are inclined to use less private vehicles , which decreases the amount of carbon released .	1
111	 Obviously , the policy that concentrates money on developing public transportation brings an advantageous impact on earth .	1
112	 In addition , the policy would play a pivotal part in relieving traffic jam .	1
113	 It is quiet clear that traffic congestion is a serious problem in many big cities .	1
114	 The main reason for this issue is that there are a great number of vehicles flowing on roads .	1
115	 In order to tackle the problem , governments have to turn people ' attention on public vehicles to reduce cars and motorbikes .	1
116	 There is the possibility that improving roads and highways does not seem to reach the major cause of traffic congestion .	1
117	 In conclusion , I would concede that high - quality roads and highways make it easier to move around .	1
118	 Nevertheless , public transportation systems even have more important advantages .	1
119	 They not only ease traffic jam but also protect the atmosphere .	1
120	 That is why many governments around the world invest more money on developing public transportation facilities .	0
121	 Physical exercise	0
122	 Although some people think that the major part of school schedule should be entirely devoted to academics , I truly believe that the physical education part should not be outweighed .	1
123	 Physical exercises help to create healthy nation , assist to learning through direct observation and finally aid to financial development of a country .	1
124	 First of all , the ancient Latin proverb says : Anima sana in corpore sano , which means that healthy body is basis for healthy soul .	1
125	 There is a direct linkage between people ' s health and the frequency of doing physical exercises .	1
126	 The more we practice , the better we feel .	1
127	 Additionally , there is a fact that one can improve health conditions with everyday physical activity : gradually , step by step we change physical condition to better .	1
128	 So , if the entire nation , from their school ages begin going for sports and try doing that everyday , eventually it may help to build healthy nation .	1
129	 Besides , when we practice outdoors and indoors sports , many aspects are getting clearer .	1
130	 For example , when a person goes jogging everyday , eventually he can understand his own body through direct observation .	1
131	 Alike , the school basketball team gains more knowledge on how to succeed in some particular kind of throwing the ball into hoot practicing rather than learning theoretically .	1
132	 Furthermore , almost all natural science discoveries were made by direct observation , which is a part of physical education .	1
133	 Last , but not least , financial sustainability of a region mostly depends on how healthy the population is .	1
134	 For instance , the money invested into physical education program can save allocations into healthcare , since the nation is comparatively healthy .	1
135	 Along with that , physically healthy people can contribute more both into economical and social development .	1
136	 As a matter of fact , the better a person feels , the better his brain works .	1
137	 Therefore , putting physical activities in early steps of human development would finally lead to mentally healthy society .	1
138	 As hence it ends up with financially competitive country .	1
139	 In the conclusion , I would like to say that the more attention is withdrawn to a problem of physical education , the more influence we can get on academic success of students .	1
140	 Advance in transportation and communication like the airplane and the phone	0
141	 Nowadays , everyone can see the effect of technology on their life , especially on the way of transportations and communications such as the airplane and the telephone .	0
142	 There are lots of other effects of growing technology on transportations and communications , which are mentioned as follows .	0
143	 First and foremost , email can be count as one of the most beneficial results of modern technology .	1
144	 Many years ago , peoples had to pay a great deal of money to post their letters , and their payements were related to the weight of their letters or boxes , and many accidents may cause problem that the post could not be delivered .	1
145	 But nowadays , all people can take advantage of internet to have their own email free , and send their emails to everyone in no time , besides they can be sure if their emails have been delivered or not .	1
146	 Another important aspect on technology is transferring money .	1
147	 Today , students can apply for foreign universities much easier than before .	1
148	 Not only with the help of sending email , but also using credit cards to pay all necessary fees online .	1
149	 Therefore , with the advent of internet and online paying systems , you can do many thing at your home easily .	1
150	 Another technological innovations which help people around the world is related to medical equipments .	1
151	 Biomedical engineers could make a significant effect on increasing life expectancy the world .	1
152	 For example , one of their inventions was related to artificial heart valves which can be count as a turning point in heart surgeries .	1
153	 In the past time doctors used pig heart ' s valve to implant , but the patient could not be alive more than 3 years after the replacement .	1
154	 But now , biomedical engineers can make artificial heart valves which works well and doctors can implant them easily .	1
155	 To sum up , technology has helped us to have more comfortable life .	1
156	 You can see its effects on transportation , communication , medicine and so forth .	1
157	 Lessons with teachers versus others sources	0
158	 Over the last half century the change in the life of human beings has increased beyond our wildest expectations .	0
159	 There are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives , such as the Internet , television and cell phone .	0
160	 They all enrich our daily lives .	0
161	 Now , many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful .	0
162	 Many people find that students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers .	1
163	 They argue that teachers teach students how to write , read and calculate since they are in kindergarten .	1
164	 And when they are in primary school , teachers teach them more further knowledge , like writing skills and using computers .	1
165	 It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling .	1
166	 On the other hand , students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers .	1
167	 Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources , such as the Internet and television , firmly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can ' t learn in classes .	1
168	 They can only input some key words and google it , and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it .	1
169	 In this case , students learn things easily .	1
170	 Moreover , they contend that good television programs do teach students .	1
171	 For instance , Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes .	1
172	 Students have knowledge of others cultures , outer space etc .	1
173	 Personally , I think that students learn far more from their teachers than from other source .	1
174	 Because not only do teachers teach us knowledge but also the skills to tell right from wrong .	1
175	 Just imagine : if a student can ' t even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn ?	0
176	 Email and text messaging threats written language	0
177	 The introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication .	0
178	 With this situation , some people believe that they may be factors decreasing the position of written language .	1
179	 I am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means .	0
180	 First of all , it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging , which answers to the question of their great popularity .	1
181	 Before email and mobile phone , human beings communicated by meeting directly , sending letters or later , calling from home phones .	1
182	 Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness , difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information .	1
183	 However , email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above .	1
184	 People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want .	1
185	 Especially , thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging ( SMS ) , it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information , even to many people at the same time .	1
186	 They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways .	1
187	 The popularity of email and text messaging , as a result , leads to the losing of written language ' s position .	1
188	 People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities .	1
189	 The outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form .	1
190	 Even in some cases , people compose a message with only emoticons ( the expressions by face created by service providers ) , which means there is no room for writing or typing texts .	1
191	 Moreover , it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying , writing assignments .	1
192	 If that tendency continues at a rapid pace , written language may face up to a real problem about its stand .	1
193	 In conclusion , we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity .	1
194	 Nevertheless , educators and individuals themselves , especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one .	0
195	 Using animals for the benefit of the human beings	0
196	 With the rapid development of the standard of people ' s life , increasing numbers of animal experiments are done , new medicines and foods , for instance .	0
197	 Some opponents says that it is cruel to animals and nature , however , I believe that no sensible person will deny that it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals .	1
198	 In my essay , I will discuss this issue from twofold aspects .	0
199	 First of all , as we all know , animals are friendly and vital for people , because if there are no animals in the world , the balance of nature will broke down , and we , human , will die out as well .	1
200	 The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals .	1
201	 In other words , doing this various testing is a hazard of human ' s future and next generation .	1
202	 Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance , it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life .	1
203	 To begin with , it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious , and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying .	1
204	 The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human ' s life .	1
205	 Thus even if they are volunteers ; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines .	1
206	 Furthermore , it also have potentially harm for human ' s health without any testing .	1
207	 To sum up , I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals ' profits , the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits .	1
208	 Television is the culprit for destroying communication between friends & family	0
209	 It is very hard to find a home that does not have a television .	0
210	 Nowadays , number of television channels and programs are increasing everyday .	0
211	 Unfortunately , most of people do not have a plan for make a limitation or schedule for watching television .	1
212	 I agree with that idea that television devastate families ties .	1
213	 In spite of enjoying watching television shows , it is really time consuming task .	1
214	 Emergence of new television channels or shows are not surprising .	1
215	 We kill time by tracking these channels so at the end of the day we understand it is late for doing any other activities .	1
216	 This is a problem that suffers all of us everyday .	1
217	 At the end , there is no time for call to our parents or friends .	1
218	 Second , I think watching television programs makes us lazy .	1
219	 We usually spend our times in front of television for at least three ours a day when we come back home after eight - hour working in the office .	1
220	 Hence , we do not have time to spend for healthy activity such as going to a gym or doing other sports .	1
221	 This makes us a lazy person who prefers to do sedentary activities like watching television shows rather than be active and sociable .	1
222	 Last but not least , some television programs have a negative effect on viewers .	1
223	 Some thriller or action movies advertise negative activities such as doing criminal activity .	1
224	 These genre of programs has more negative effects on our teenagers .	1
225	 They usually try to mimic what they see on movies in their daily behaviors .	1
226	 To sum up , killing our time , making us lazy , and advertising negative behaviors are just only few reasons to show how television is destructive .	1
227	 I think it is a global problem to solve this problem and it is need global contribution to find a solution .	1
228	 Gender Equality at university admission	0
229	 Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field .	0
230	 Contrastingly , in the past time , women worked at home and performed sophisticated work .	0
231	 This factor is still affecting thinking of many people .	0
232	 They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only .	0
233	 This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender .	0
234	 Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders .	1
235	 Initially , if we look into the fact , women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor .	1
236	 For example , nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky .	1
237	 They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also .	1
238	 Furthermore , university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination .	1
239	 They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission .	1
240	 However , the current job market affects the decision of universities .	1
241	 Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers .	1
242	 The job selection criteria are pre decided .	1
243	 For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine .	1
244	 They prefer male staff for night shifts .	1
245	 They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling , teaching , designing etc .	1
246	 Therefore , universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender .	1
247	 To conclude , I strongly believe that universities must open choice for everyone to select his subject .	1
248	 Our youth has become very confident towards his career .	1
249	 They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations .	1
250	 Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer .	1
251	 So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal .	1
252	 Some young adults want independence from their parents quickly	0
253	 Many young adults want to get away from their parent ' s houses as soon as possible in order to have no limits , to be independent .	0
254	 But these young people do not take into account that their lives are going to be more difficult , when they are away from home .	1
255	 They will have to pay a lot of bills , because they will have to find a lodging or at least a place where to live and in order to have less expenses they will have to find a co - tenant , who they may not like .	1
256	 Living in their own houses will save the young adults a lot of money .	1
257	 If they live separate from their parents they will have to pay for a loan , electricity , water or even for a meal .	1
258	 If the young adults still study they will have to combine studying with working , because they will not have money to pay for everything .	1
259	 There will not be such worries when young adults live in their own home , because parents will take care for them .	1
260	 Moreover , parents will give their children money in order they to focus only on studying .	1
261	 Another problem that the young adults may encounter is to find a co - tenant , who they do not like .	1
262	 His habits may be totally different from theirs , his behavior may be inappropriate , but they will have to live with him or even share a room , in order to have less expenses .	1
263	 Living with such a person may be a huge problem for the young adults .	1
264	 When the co - tenant do not share their interests and points of view , they will not be able to ask him for advice .	1
265	 Furthermore , they are most likely to quarrel every day , instead of to help each other .	1
266	 In conclusion , I reckon that for the young adults it will be better to live with their parents , because of the benefits they will have .	1
267	 They will not need to worry about financial problems or if they will get on well with their roommate .	1
268	 Air pollution	0
269	 Air pollution is an issue threatening the environment in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the negative way .	0
270	 I believe that more responsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution .	1
271	 First , in most industrialized countries , there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions .	1
272	 The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution .	1
273	 While these companies make a huge amount of money from their businesses , most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution .	1
274	 If these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution , they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause .	1
275	 Second , private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating .	1
276	 As house heating is a major need in the winter time , some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes .	1
277	 Instead of this , some expensive vehicles cause a huge amount of pollution .	1
278	 In my opinion , by charging private individuals for causing air pollution , that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution .	1
279	 On the other hand , I believe that governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies .	1
280	 Governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air , instead of putting all the responsibility to companies and private individuals .	1
281	 In conclusion , due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy environment for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution , both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution .	1
282	 Young people should go to university or not	0
283	 Persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university .	0
284	 In regard to the development of the country , some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities , while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment .	0
285	 In this essay , I will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool - proof decision .	0
286	 To begin with , those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons .	0
287	 From their point of view , the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation , such as mechanics , sales persons , or engineers , and , furthermore , labors for graduates are in short supply .	1
288	 What is worse , the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying .	1
289	 In this regard it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs , even can be a sheer time - consuming .	1
290	 However , on the other side of the coin are voices in the opposition , saying that universities provide not only skills for careers , but also academic knowledge for the human race , such as bio science , politics , and medicine .	1
291	 These academic values are necessary to the progress of the world .	1
292	 More importantly , many researches in the ivory - tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society .	1
293	 Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships , deeper discussion , independent life , and exchange scholarships .	1
294	 To sum up both contentions about the necessity of universities ' education have reasonable justifications ; however , I agree with the latter view .	0
295	 Although higher education does not guarantee young students ' success , the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges .	1
296	 Effects of mobile phones	0
297	 Nowadays , the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well , such as social , medical and technical problems .	0
298	 However , I do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones .	1
299	 In this essay , I would like to analyze these three issues in order to support my viewpoint .	0
300	 First of all , almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems .	1
301	 Mobile phones are not out of expectation .	0
302	 Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas , such as schools , libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive .	1
303	 What is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other .	1
304	 Nevertheless , it is not impossible to solve these problems , as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented .	1
305	 It is also worth mentioning that some harmful effects on our health are lethal .	1
306	 It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers , although the further investigation are needed .	1
307	 Another debatable problem is about techniques .	0
308	 There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party .	1
309	 This possibility exists all the time .	1
310	 But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users .	1
311	 Moreover , the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people ' s daily life .	1
312	 Not only used for communication , but it also functions as an Internet browser , a music player , a personal organizer and so forth .	1
313	 In conclusion , nothing can be overused without side effects .	0
314	 The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people ' s dependence on it is irreversible , although it has a number of problems that should be well handled .	1
315	 Computer has negative effects to children	0
316	 Nowadays , thanks to the development of technology , computer is now indispensable to life .	0
317	 Some people think that computer is good for children and it should be used daily by children but some others think differently .	0
318	 In my opinion , the latter opinion is true .	0
319	 First , using computer constantly has bad influence on children ' s eyes .	1
320	 When they concentrate on computer for too long , their eyes will get tired , which is the main reason for some eyes problems , typically shortsighted .	1
321	 Moreover , children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills , they will know little about the outside life .	1
322	 It is a well - known fact that people who are addicted to games , especially online games , can eventually bear dangerous consequences .	1
323	 For instance , several teenagers play games without rest , which leads to health depression , a typical example is the death of Korean gamer , who had a non - stop playing for 3 days .	1
324	 Finally , even people who are not interested in online game can still be negatively affected by using computer too much .	1
325	 Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose , most of them are attracted by facebook , blog , etc . instead .	1
326	 Due to this neglect , they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet , they will have no time for their studying .	1
327	 In conclusion , although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life , it still has its bad side , especially for children .	1
328	 People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose .	0
329	 Influence of large factories	0
330	 Nowadays , whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society .	0
331	 Out of the case of economic development , industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society .	0
332	 However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution .	0
333	 From my point of view , the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages , if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories .	1
334	 First of all , a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate .	1
335	 To manufacture goods , there must be the demand of laborers , from which the local residents can benefit .	1
336	 What is more , the factory is not isolated , other industries and business will be quickly established , resulting in economic growth of local area .	1
337	 For example , the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers ' accommodation need .	1
338	 The main disadvantage is contamination .	1
339	 It is true that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry , such as water pollution , overcrowded traffic and medical problems .	1
340	 For instance , in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems , such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances .	1
341	 However , it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society .	1
342	 Therefore , how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it .	1
343	 In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well .	1
344	 In conclusion , installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries .	0
345	 Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way .	0
346	 Prepared Food	0
347	 Nowadays , more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals , since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society .	1
348	 However it is obvious that prepared food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients , ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people ' s eating habits .	1
349	 In this essay , I would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above .	0
350	 First of all , to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious , almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people .	1
351	 Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences .	1
352	 For instance , there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases .	1
353	 Thus , easy - to - cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human ' s health .	1
354	 Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition .	1
355	 It is true that cooking prepared food needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food .	0
356	 Whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared food is unable to support enough nutrients we need , especially for children who are growing up .	1
357	 In addition , cooking is one of arts humans create .	0
358	 The more prepared food we eat the more cooking skills we lose .	1
359	 At the increasing living pace , the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes .	1
360	 But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits , which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking .	1
361	 In conclusion , although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work , it is not a good thing .	1
362	 Cooking is not a waste of time , contrarily , it is crucial for our health and culture .	0
363	 Financial aid to develop countries	0
364	 As is commonly understood , there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries .	0
365	 It can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries .	0
366	 However , it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries .	1
367	 This will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters .	0
368	 Firstly , education is an essential part in development .	1
369	 For instance , most developing countries are lack of educational resources , such as experienced teachers , evaluation systems and teaching facilities , which is usually neglected by local authorities .	1
370	 From this example , it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education , the developing countries will remain undeveloped , even though they gain a great deal of economic support .	1
371	 Thus , the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid .	1
372	 In addition , it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world .	0
373	 This means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market .	1
374	 Indeed , they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas .	1
375	 Therefore , developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries .	1
376	 In conclusion , financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries .	1
377	 And it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation .	1
378	 Society should ban all forms of the advertising	0
379	 It is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life .	0
380	 We come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday .	0
381	 Some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing .	0
382	 Other critics say that ads have no purpose , they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned .	0
383	 On my part I would like to solve this issue on a different way .	0
384	 Society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers .	1
385	 First of all , I do support the idea that advertising alcohol , cigarettes , goods and services with adult content should be prohibited because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children .	1
386	 Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis .	1
387	 Fortunately , some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol , cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries .	1
388	 On the other hand by advertising companies , businesses , firms and individuals promote their goods and services .	1
389	 Thanks to ads we learn about new products , we can compare them and choose what ' s the best for us .	1
390	 These days , not only many businesses , but also governments have to rely on advertising .	1
391	 For example , tourism makes up one - third of the Czech Republic ' s economy .	1
392	 In order to promote the country ' s attractions , the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers .	1
393	 Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country .	1
394	 In conclusion , I think that modern society needs advertising .	1
395	 Ads will keep us well informed about new products and services , but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way .	1
396	 Do married women usually work ?	0
397	 Why and why not ?	0
398	 Personally , I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly .	1
399	 Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household .	1
400	 I will mention some basic reasons as following .	0
401	 Firstly , extra income that women earn will contribute to their family ' s expenses .	1
402	 By taking up a job , a wife can earn more money to support her family life .	1
403	 This is really necessary in cases of her husband ' s low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present .	1
404	 So , it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money .	1
405	 Secondly , working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world , strengthen their character and show their capacity .	1
406	 These things in turn will make them more confident , independent .	1
407	 These women will set a good example for their children .	1
408	 Therefore , it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better .	1
409	 Last but not least , nowadays , there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work .	1
410	 Besides the gorvernment ' s policies on limited families and their husbands ' sharing in the housework , many employers are willing to offer part - time jobs for women .	1
411	 In conclusion , a well - organized home does not need the housewife ' s presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home .	1
412	 Government and education	0
413	 Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world .	0
414	 I completely agree that government should provide those education to their people ; however , for the more higher education like university , the students or their parents should pay for the fees .	1
415	 Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees .	1
416	 In the other hand , I don ' t think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students ' primary and secondary education .	1
417	 It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students ' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education .	1
418	 Moreover , students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part - time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it .	1
419	 They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves .	1
420	 In addition to that , the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well .	1
421	 Furthermore , this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future .	1
422	 In conclusion , I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them .	1
423	 Alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion	0
424	 Recently , a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation .	0
425	 Some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation , while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution .	0
426	 In my opinion , I strongly agree that alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced .	1
427	 In this essay , several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages .	0
428	 Firstly , an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution .	1
429	 Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air , the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants .	1
430	 Therefore , it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles .	1
431	 Secondly , an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion .	1
432	 Once we get into the traffic jam , it forces us to waste our time for a while .	1
433	 What is worse , traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result , it leads to an increase of traffic accidents .	1
434	 Thus , the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented .	1
435	 In order to solve these problems , alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively .	1
436	 With regard to the former , alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal .	1
437	 For example , rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries .	1
438	 This system is that at the corner of each district , the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee .	1
439	 Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses , it is a better form to protect environment than automobile .	1
440	 As for the latter point , the introduction of international laws can be also effective .	1
441	 For instance , there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only .	1
442	 Thus , these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution .	1
443	 In summary , even though some people claim the convenience of automobile , I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion .	1
444	 Giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect	0
445	 In this world , there is no one who does not know this world ' globalization ' , which means the world are more closer , and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways .	0
446	 That is why governmental and non - governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries .	0
447	 It is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries .	1
448	 In addition , a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries .	1
449	 However , I agree that aiding poor countries has positive effects , overweighing its side - effects for the several reasons .	1
450	 First of all , poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer .	1
451	 To be out of poverty , it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light , electricity , load , highways , natural resources , technology and buildings for companies .	1
452	 Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business .	1
453	 In actual , republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960 ' s .	1
454	 Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties .	1
455	 Secondly , aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people .	1
456	 If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases , they would never take their abundance for granted .	1
457	 It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love , but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization .	1
458	 Third , the campaigns might include practical benefits .	1
459	 In globalized world , the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others .	1
460	 When America mortgage loan system went bad , several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated , even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt .	1
461	 In conclusion , there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid ; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people , keeping strong global economy .	1
462	 I strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers , and it will make the earth a better place to live .	1
463	 Effects of globalization	0
464	 During the history of the world , every change has its own positive and negative sides .	0
465	 Globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception .	0
466	 Although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world ; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue .	0
467	 Some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country .	1
468	 They think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments .	1
469	 Those who disagree , believe that globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects .	1
470	 Developing globalization , people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world .	1
471	 In addition , they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries .	1
472	 Moreover , the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization .	1
473	 In conclusion , I would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress .	1
474	 I think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them .	0
475	 Study at school or get a job ?	0
476	 Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future .	0
477	 Others , however , think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job .	0
478	 Personally , I tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school .	1
479	 First of all , schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying .	1
480	 It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things .	1
481	 Second of all , schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students .	1
482	 Students may learn professional skills , expand their understandings and gain experiences .	1
483	 Therefore , they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future .	1
484	 For example , as we know , employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills .	1
485	 Nevertheless , it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job .	1
486	 Whether children can learn a lot at school , there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future .	1
487	 Furthermore , children can learn social skills when they have a job .	1
488	 They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school .	1
489	 Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they ' ve earned .	1
490	 Overall , I believe that students should study at school .	1
491	 Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job , studying at school is always the best choice for children ' s future .	1
492	 There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job .	1
493	 High sales reflect power of advertising and not the real need	0
494	 Nowadays , we can see advertisements everywhere , from television set to posters on the streets .	0
495	 Some people believe that these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television .	1
496	 I tend to agree with this view .	0
497	 To boost their sales and win over customers , companies pour a great amount of money into advertising .	1
498	 Most of the time , it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product .	1
499	 By which I mean , huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product .	1
500	 By casting famous singers in their television advertisement , motorcycles or clothes for example , sales increase significantly since youngsters , as the target consumers , love celebrities .	1
501	 Since having these products shows their status , the quality obviously is not relatively important .	1
502	 However , despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated , it is also true that it plays and important role economically .	1
503	 They introduce new products , and provide various choices , not to mention they are often visually enjoyable , since they aim to grab your attention .	1
504	 Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels , creates a fair environment for commercial competition .	1
505	 Otherwise the market may be monopolistic , and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective .	1
506	 The power of advertising maybe over - rated , we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers .	1
507	 No matter how appealing the advertisements are , we should be able to make the decision on our own .	0
508	 Gun control	0
509	 Gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society , which is strictly controlled in most countries .	0
510	 However , gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others .	0
511	 Therefore , this is still a controversial topic around the world .	0
512	 From my point of view , it is sensible to enforce the gun control .	1
513	 The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns .	0
514	 The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns .	1
515	 For example , we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting .	1
516	 So the fewer guns possessed , the fewer accidents would happened , our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates .	1
517	 Secondly , most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns , especially in some countries where guns are available for people .	1
518	 Eventually , guns will create a violent society if the trend continues .	1
519	 Take an example , in American , young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns , which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting .	1
520	 What is worse , some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police , which makes citizens always live in danger .	1
521	 Thirdly , the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide .	1
522	 In the US , firearms remain the most common method of suicide , accounting for about 50 per cent .	1
523	 Unfortunately , there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over .	1
524	 In conclusion , considering the rise in accident rates , violent crime rates and suicide rates , I support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence .	1
525	 International sporting occasions help to ease international tensions	0
526	 International sporting events are a good change to create a multi - nation community of fans having the same passion .	0
527	 It will help people around the world understand each other more .	0
528	 Since , international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
529	 An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world .	1
530	 For the time of occasions , people regardless of nationality , origin and religion will live together .	1
531	 People can understand more about a country , it is useful to ease tensions between nations .	1
532	 For example in FIFA World Cup 2010 , the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking .	1
533	 The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action .	1
534	 However , due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism .	1
535	 It is rare times when people can learn about this country .	1
536	 It really help to alleviate the tension .	1
537	 Besides easing tensions , an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
538	 When they garther together to encourage their team , they will show their patriotic emotions .	1
539	 Regardless of the competition between teams , their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport .	1
540	 Moreover , all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media .	1
541	 They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people .	1
542	 In Olympic Beijing 2008 , Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country .	1
543	 First of all , foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students .	1
544	 They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality , beauty in each cities .	1
545	 Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world .	1
546	 In conclusion , International sporting events will draw the international concern .	1
547	 It will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .	1
548	 Why should human beings travel to outer space ?	0
549	 For many centuries , outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study .	0
550	 Space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful .	0
551	 However , a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money , to illustrate , astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment .	0
552	 On the other hand , there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space .	1
553	 Firstly , many facts about solar system can be discovered .	1
554	 For instance , a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round , not flat .	1
555	 Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun , not vice versa .	1
556	 If it was not for the space exploration , we would never know these facts .	1
557	 Secondly , people can know more about the planet earth itself .	1
558	 By observing planet earth from outer space , people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth .	1
559	 With this knowledge , people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming .	1
560	 Finally , a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented .	1
561	 As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in , scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks .	1
562	 Oxygen tanks , for instance , are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater .	1
563	 Moreover , spaceships , communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society .	1
564	 As a conclusion , I personally think that human beings should travel to outer space .	1
565	 In spite of costing a fortune , space exploration has given aforementioned benefits .	0
566	 Benefits of students doing extra jobs	0
567	 In present day and age , students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university .	0
568	 This phenomenon , although in some extents , are proved to have negative effects , I feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages .	0
569	 In this essay , some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained .	0
570	 It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs .	1
571	 Part - time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities .	1
572	 In addition , that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities .	1
573	 As a result , students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands - on experience .	1
574	 Moreover , having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation .	1
575	 Secondly , students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones .	1
576	 By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation , then students ' confidence could be significantly gained .	1
577	 Also , working conditions require students the independency in thinking , working , and solving problems , which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities .	1
578	 Lastly , doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation .	1
579	 Indeed , high studying tuition , added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students .	1
580	 With the money they earn from extra jobs , which normally is not much , those difficulties could be partially solved .	1
581	 Moreover , that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well - prepared condition for their independent later life .	1
582	 In conclusion , I feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits .	1
583	 By taking on an extra job , students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience , confidence and accommodation .	1
584	 It is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future .	0
585	 Sporting events easing international tensions , releasing patriotic feelings	0
586	 For most folks on Earth , the need to gather in one place , and enjoy competition with other talented people from different cultures through popular games has always been a strong motivation .	0
587	 This trend is so deeply engraved in people ' s mind that the organisation of such events continue to be planned , even when some participants are facing grievous social problems .	0
588	 It is agreed that large scale sports games make people focus on attractive contests instead of international disputes , and help them being proud of their nation .	1
589	 This will be proved by analysing how sports events may be an important link to the peace , and by how they encourage people to display their national symbols .	0
590	 Firstly , during times of war , people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event .	1
591	 For example , when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War , its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers .	1
592	 This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back , sooner or later , to a relative peaceful normality .	1
593	 Thus , world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace .	1
594	 Secondly , these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country .	1
595	 For instance , when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa , its citizens filled up the stadiums , cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field .	1
596	 South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night .	1
597	 This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team .	1
598	 As a result , it is clear that people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events .	1
599	 In conclusion , after analysing the effects of world games both for countries at war and for organising countries , it is clear that they not only constitute a tremendous appeal towards a peaceful society , but also guide the public demonstrations of national proudness .	1
600	 This has been true for centuries and will certainly not change in the foreseeable future .	1
601	 Government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy	0
602	 The increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past .	0
603	 It is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco - friendly .	0
604	 I will analyze these areas in the essay .	0
605	 Firstly , the major source of energy today is water .	1
606	 Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source .	1
607	 To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short .	1
608	 Thus , during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India .	1
609	 If the government encourage the use of nuclear , solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity .	1
610	 Therefore , it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources .	1
611	 Secondly , the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming .	1
612	 For example , the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming .	1
613	 In the same way , the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro - kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution .	1
614	 To conclude , it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy .	1
615	 This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming .	1
616	 Further , government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy .	0
617	 Should governments be responsible to help the unemployed and homeless	0
618	 Unemployment is clearly a global problem , be it in developed countries or developing ones .	0
619	 However , I tend to believe it is the responsibility of these disadvantaged citizens , rather than the government , to help them out .	1
620	 Government money should be spent on publicly beneficial programs only .	1
621	 Tax revenue is collected from those who works .	1
622	 Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers .	1
623	 Besides , there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure , such as health care service and education , so addressing unemployment should have low priority .	1
624	 Also , it is obvious that , to survive in this competitive world , one has to work hard and equip themselves well .	1
625	 If they could get free financial help from the government , they might end up with out any motivation to work at all .	1
626	 Of course , this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance .	1
627	 They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support .	1
628	 In this case , the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest - free bank loans for them , so that they can have the chance to get back to work .	1
629	 After all , it is beneficial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again .	1
630	 In conclusion , my point of view is that , although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people , direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity .	1
631	 True function of a university	0
632	 Universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise .	0
633	 Whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts : where more and more is known about less and less .	0
634	 Nevertheless , among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job - seeking and other aspects in everyday life .	0
635	 However , although I respect the universities ' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause , I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university .	0
636	 A university , in common sense , is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge .	1
637	 What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for , not the employers , as students are the ones here to seek knowledge .	1
638	 High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons : a degree that ' s more widely accepted , gain knowledge and insight into an industry , or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field .	1
639	 On the other hand , universities are regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather .	1
640	 It is , therefore , not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university , but instead , these must be made available when needed .	1
641	 So the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information , rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers ' taste .	1
642	 In conclusion , the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources .	1
643	 It would be helpful , however , if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures .	0
644	 Zoos should be built to protect rural animals	0
645	 Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate , with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals , while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos .	0
646	 From my perspective , animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos .	1
647	 To begin with , it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings .	1
648	 Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals , it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in .	1
649	 Apparently , the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss .	1
650	 Moreover , if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period , it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures .	1
651	 As a result , the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression .	1
652	 It seems that zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives .	1
653	 Nevertheless , supporters would argue that zoos , which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals , would provide better care for the animals inside .	1
654	 They further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting .	1
655	 However , I would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat .	1
656	 It seems that the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide .	1
657	 By way of conclusion , it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression .	1
658	 Distance - learning vs . attending school in person	0
659	 A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance - learning should be promoted as much as possible , or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees .	0
660	 From my perspective , online - teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions .	1
661	 To begin with , distance - learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world .	1
662	 In earlier times , students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby , regardless of any differences in teaching facilities , teacher ' s qualifications or the school reputation .	1
663	 Now , however , students are able to apply for online - courses provided by top - of - the - range universities and colleges worldwide .	1
664	 Furthermore , the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students .	1
665	 Consequently , educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher - student ratios .	1
666	 Thanks to the economical online - teaching , universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains .	1
667	 Nevertheless , opponents of online - degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates .	1
668	 They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life .	1
669	 It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive .	1
670	 By way of conclusion , it is my belief that distance - learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases .	1
671	 However , discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished .	0
672	 Do modern communication technologies benefit all people	0
673	 Modern communication technologies such as mobile phones , e - mails and internet chat programs like the MSN Messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years .	0
674	 Yet , there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative .	0
675	 Although there are valid arguments to the contrary , it is my belief that the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication .	1
676	 To begin with , mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business .	1
677	 With the click of a button , the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds .	1
678	 Furthermore , it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world .	1
679	 With a mobile phone or a laptop , a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop , in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine .	1
680	 Therefore , it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind .	1
681	 Nevertheless , opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits .	1
682	 They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money .	1
683	 Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services .	1
684	 Consequently , people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies .	1
685	 By way of conclusion , I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases ; however , the have - nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn ' t afford it .	1
686	 Should high school make music lessons compulsory	0
687	 Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject , while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional .	0
688	 In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides .	0
689	 It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology .	1
690	 Therefore , many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music .	1
691	 I have an impression that students , who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time .	1
692	 In this case , music can be a useful and interesting solution .	1
693	 Moreover , if musical activity involves many participants , there will be co - operation and developed team work in the group , which is , of course , beneficial in their future life .	1
694	 In fact , students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music .	1
695	 Consequently , the calm atmosphere in the class might be created .	1
696	 By contrast , it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students .	1
697	 In our hectic life , however , demand is not for musically orientated students , but for academically developed employees .	1
698	 Hence , I agree with the majority , because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it .	1
699	 Increasingly however , students can not obtain supposed impacts , unless they get interested in it more seriously .	1
700	 Therefore , music and other entertaining subjects should be optional .	1
701	 Nowadays , time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace .	1
702	 To my mind , students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation - related subjects , rather than playing on guitar or singing a song .	1
703	 In conclusion , I think that in order to be a competitive worker , students must know their field in an advanced level .	0
704	 On the other hand , music can help an individual to shape its character .	1
705	 An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory .	1
706	 Universities should give money to sport activities or libraries	0
707	 Libraries and sports activities play important roles in universities success .	0
708	 Most university rankings pay attention to quality of these two activities .	0
709	 In my opinion universities should invest in libraries more than anywhere else .	1
710	 First , I think a library is vital and strategical part of a university .	1
711	 All professors and students need to have a modern and well - equipped library because , after internet , library plays an important role in research .	1
712	 Although sport is important , it does not have the same priority of library has .	1
713	 In addition only small part of students attend sport activities .	1
714	 For example , in my university number of students who use the library is much more than students do sports activities .	1
715	 Second , usually libraries do not have income .	1
716	 Most libraries are free not for students also for public .	1
717	 Hence , universities support is vital for libraries .	1
718	 But sport activities have a good income because every sport has different matches and for each match they have a lot sponsors .	1
719	 Also , they have this chance to sell their important matches tickets .	1
720	 To conclude , there are good ways for sports activities to compensate their expenses , but it is very hard for libraries to find a good way for have an income .	1
721	 Last but not least , investing in libraries has a long - time result .	1
722	 For example , a library can buy a lot of new books or they can buy more computers .	1
723	 Most of the library facilities are stable and you can use them for a long time .	1
724	 Besides , in the far future , they become more valuable .	1
725	 On the other side , most sports facilities except buildings are usually can be used in short - time and they are not persistent for a long - time .	1
726	 In spite of the importance of sports activities , libraries are more important .	1
727	 They are critical part of universities and a good university has to have a modern library .	1
728	 Humans should be able to use animals for their own benefit ?	0
729	 Man has dominated all his fellow beings on earth because of his superior brain .	0
730	 He has domesticated a large number of animals and birds and makes use of them to make life easier and convenient for himself .	0
731	 Many people encourage the use of animals for their personal needs , while others are concerned that animals should not be misused .	0
732	 This essay will discuss some arguments for and against animal domestication .	0
733	 Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as , cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them .	1
734	 Likewise , other animals such as , horses , cattles and donkeys for farming , agriculture and as a mode of transportation .	1
735	 Many people keep pets like dogs and cats , trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples .	1
736	 They are kept for security purposes in houses .	1
737	 On the other hand , many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits .	1
738	 For instance , cows are often injected by Oxytocin , a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation .	1
739	 This in turn , causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle .	1
740	 Furthermore , thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products .	1
741	 Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights .	1
742	 Many other practices like , equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster .	1
743	 And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals .	1
744	 From my prospective , human being should behave as a guardian to animals rather than as their lord or masters .	1
745	 Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime .	1
746	 Museums and art galleries will disappear soon ?	0
747	 It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology ; therefore , some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon .	0
748	 Although modern technology make it possible , I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear .	1
749	 On the one hand , technology indeed simplifies people ' s life all the time .	1
750	 Obviously , people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home , save the time and money on the road , which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society .	1
751	 However , in accordance with recent research , experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face - to - face communication .	1
752	 On the other hand , the importance of museums and art galleries is plain in terms of education and culture .	1
753	 First of all , authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos .	1
754	 It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos , so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it .	1
755	 Furthermore , museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages ; therefore , these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture .	1
756	 In conclusion , I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions , but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture .	1
757	 Should teenagers learn all school subjects / focus on one subject	0
758	 Presently , it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school .	0
759	 Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject .	0
760	 Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children .	0
761	 While , others claim that studying only one subject is more effective .	0
762	 Before rendering my own opinion , I will explore sides of this topic .	0
763	 The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized .	1
764	 In the first place , with some basic knowledge of diverse fields , students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future .	1
765	 Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate .	1
766	 In students ' point of view , the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes .	1
767	 However , still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum , instead , they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done .	1
768	 Besides , most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs .	1
769	 Those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness .	1
770	 This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects .	1
771	 However , the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected .	0
772	 Most importantly , under such target - oriented education environment , teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study .	1
773	 Moreover , the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study .	1
774	 It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students ' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents , while its shortfalls are so vital to students ' future .	1
775	 Therefore , I do support the view of learning all school subjects .	1
776	 Influence of English - advantages outweigh the disadvantages	0
777	 In the present age , it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of English .	0
778	 Some people claim it ' s a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits .	1
779	 Personally , I agree with the former opinion .	0
780	 No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally .	1
781	 To begin with , communication between countries and cultures become convenient .	1
782	 In my country , English is a required course from elementary school .	1
783	 Thus , studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters .	1
784	 For them , language obstacle is no longer a problem , which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country .	1
785	 This , in turn , enhances relationship and promotes international business .	1
786	 Furthermore , researchers , especially those who work on high - tech , would have wider range of references if they are good at English .	1
787	 Taking IT industry for an example , top technical science is published in English .	1
788	 It ' s neither to get a translated version of these articles , nor to always have a translator besides .	1
789	 As a result , they have no choice but choosing English as a second language .	1
790	 Admittedly , opponents may blame that English is making lesser - known languages disappear ever year .	1
791	 Hence , the culture heritage and nation identity vanish .	1
792	 However , this is really short - sighted , ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society .	1
793	 In conclusion , in spite of some negative effects , I ' m totally convinced that the prevalent usage of English brings benefits to people and countries all around .	1
794	 I suggest all youths should learn English owing to its key role in globalization .	0
795	 But at the same time , actions , like recording , can be taken to protect native languages and cultures .	0
796	 Creativity - should it be given freedom or restrictions	0
797	 Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious .	0
798	 Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds .	0
799	 Creativity originates in a free mind .	1
800	 Hence , creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions .	1
801	 Time and again , creative artists like Michaelangelo , Picasso , Salman Rushdie , Shakespeare etc . have made artistic works which gave a social message .	1
802	 Right from sculptures to paintings , books to drama and movies , all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras .	1
803	 Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message .	1
804	 Nonetheless , innovative works makes people realize things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience .	1
805	 It helps to raise issues and criticize the wrong doings of the governments .	1
806	 For instance , Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government , just because she raised a social issue .	1
807	 This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds .	1
808	 In addition , creativity also gives aesthetic charm .	1
809	 Unfortunately , many governments restrict the artists .	0
810	 Frank Zappa once said , Mind is like a parachute , it doesn ' t work if its not open ' .	1
811	 Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains .	1
812	 Like the media , artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely .	1
813	 However , artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people .	1
814	 Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people .	1
815	 Artists should have self - awareness not to create vulgar , hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose .	1
816	 I firmly believe that artists should be given the freedom of expression .	1
817	 Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries .	1
818	 Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws .	1
819	 Competition or co - operation - which is better	0
820	 The modern society is full of cut - throat competition .	0
821	 Some people think that inculcating co - operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed .	0
822	 However , co - operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle .	0
823	 Co - operation is essential for teamwork .	1
824	 Educational systems emphasize on encouraging co - operative approach in children .	1
825	 We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success .	1
826	 A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself .	1
827	 For instance , lions hunt in a team .	1
828	 It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy .	1
829	 In the same way , co - operative approach will save time , energy and will have a higher success rate .	1
830	 Nevertheless , co - operation helps to understand other ' s perspective and learn by their mistakes .	1
831	 It helps to identify one ' s strengths and weaknesses as compared to others .	1
832	 A co - operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people ' s achievements .	1
833	 However , competition is also as important as co - operation .	1
834	 Unfortunately , the meaning of competiton has been modified in a wrong direction .	0
835	 An individual must compete with oneself only , instead of trying to beat others .	1
836	 Competition has helped the development of science and technology .	1
837	 Competition helps in improvement and evolution .	1
838	 For example , every other day , new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others .	1
839	 This kind of competition gives customers more options .	1
840	 However , blind and selfish competition is detrimental .	1
841	 ' Your loss , my gain ' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run .	1
842	 Competition should be always based on self - improvement rule .	1
843	 A healthy competition which involves raising one ' s own level above others is the best approach .	1
844	 Thus , competition and co - operation go hand in hand .	0
845	 These are two sides of the same coin which can ' t be separated .	0
846	 I firmly believe that children should be taught co - operation complimented with a healthy competition .	1
847	 They must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition .	0
848	 When co - operation and healthy competition is followed together , success , achievements , recognition and any goal becomes easier .	0
849	 Capital punishment - necessary or not	0
850	 Crime is always punishable .	0
851	 Retribution is the method for countering criminals .	0
852	 Some countries have stringent rules , like capital punishment , while other have a lot of flexibility in the judicial system .	0
853	 However , strict laws , like capital punishment , are essential in a society .	1
854	 Capital punishment is given only in the rarest of the rare cases .	1
855	 Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings .	1
856	 When a criminal becomes a threat to the society , such that they can commit heinous crimes , then they are given capital punishment .	1
857	 Thus , capital punishment protects the society from hardcore criminals .	1
858	 Moreover , capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes .	1
859	 When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment , they will fear and not commit such crimes .	1
860	 Thus , the rate of crime and violence is effectively decreased .	1
861	 Importantly , capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals .	1
862	 Criminals who don ' t have any chance of improvement or who have a past record of such crimes are , therefore , given capital punishment .	1
863	 However , the jury giving the verdict are also humans .	1
864	 They have the life of a person at their discretion .	1
865	 They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent , circumstantially marred criminals .	1
866	 The jury must therefore , take into account the circumstances of committing a crime .	1
867	 For example , if an individual murders someone for self - defense , then such a crime is not heinous .	1
868	 Only deserving criminals , who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment .	1
869	 Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society .	1
870	 I firmly believe that psychopaths , terrorists or any other criminal who lacks empathy for other human lives deserve capital punishment .	1
871	 Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner .	1
872	 However , it should be considered as the last option by the jury and all circumstances must be taken into account before pronouncing the final verdict .	0
873	 Is a break good or bad after high school for students	0
874	 Studies are an essential part of life .	0
875	 Some countries permit students to take a break from studies between high school and university studies , while in some countries , it is considered as waste of time .	0
876	 However , a break of one year is good for young people after finishing their high school .	1
877	 In most education systems , a child studies continuously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age .	0
878	 A relaxation of one year to young minds will give them a quintessential change .	1
879	 A continuous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot , to follow instructions .	1
880	 Personally , a break will give students some time to refresh their systems , by traveling or following their hobbies .	1
881	 Importantly , when students start their university studies after a break , they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge .	1
882	 Nevertheless , during high school , many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in .	0
883	 Working or traveling for some time , after high school , can help them to find their field of interest .	1
884	 It will also help them to learn professional setup by working .	1
885	 Financially , students can save a little money to support their university education by doing a job .	1
886	 Some students even utilize this time for preparation of their desired university course .	1
887	 However , there are also disadvantages .	0
888	 A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental .	1
889	 When students work during these breaks , the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia .	1
890	 For instance , my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted .	1
891	 When he started his university studies , he failed miserably .	1
892	 Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time .	1
893	 But , the break should be an optional thing .	0
894	 It varies from individual to individual , how they utilize that period .	1
895	 A break gives students more benefits than harms .	1
896	 Importantly , the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them .	1
897	 Thus , a break should be necessarily allowed to young minds between their high school and university studies .	1
898	 Countries , like India , where such a break is considered a blot , should understand that young minds are delicate and they face a cut - throat competition .	0
899	 One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life .	0
900	 Should universities accept equal number of males / females or not	0
901	 Education is important for the development of the world .	0
902	 Its a debatable issue whether universities should accept equal number of males and females in a course or not .	0
903	 However , since both genders are equally important , both must be given equal opportunities .	0
904	 Universities must admit both in equal numbers , depending on their choices .	1
905	 Right to education is a basic human right of both , males and females .	1
906	 The whole world aims for women empowerment , and to achieve this , females should be given equal opportunities as males .	1
907	 When universities will accept them in equal number , both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop .	1
908	 Co - education helps both genders to gel well with each other .	1
909	 It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together .	1
910	 For example , students studying in boy ' s colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them .	1
911	 On the other hand , females studying in girl ' s colleges are too shy to face boys .	1
912	 Co - education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both .	1
913	 Universities giving both genders equal opportunities , will prepare them for future challenges and will help in the long run .	1
914	 Unfortunately , some male chauvinists think that women are incapable in particular fields , like maths , mechanical engineering , defense etc .	1
915	 This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society .	1
916	 Time and again , women have proved their mettle in every field .	1
917	 Women like Margaret Thatcher , Indira Gandhi , Mari Curie etc . , are symbols of women ' s intelligence and skills .	1
918	 Thus , I firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers .	1
919	 Equality in education will help in development of the society .	1
920	 Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior .	1
921	 Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit , irrespective of the gender .	0
922	 Educational rights must be given to both genders .	0
923	 People will spend less time on cooking food	0
924	 Perhaps , no issue in this world is as significant to people as cooking food , because it affects everybody in their daily lives .	0
925	 Some people hold the opinion that people should spend much time on food .	0
926	 However , I do think that people are likely to spend less time in cooking food .	1
927	 There are various reasons why I maintain this viewpoint , and among those reasons are two important ones .	0
928	 The first and foremost reason is that with the development of science and technology , more advanced kitchen facilities , such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers , have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time .	1
929	 As a result , people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two , even three hours like in the last 10 years .	1
930	 Actually , in recent years , there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valuable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework .	1
931	 And this figure still continuously go up along with the improvement of science and technology .	1
932	 Thus , it is certain that spending less time on cooking will be the main trend in near future .	1
933	 Another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves .	1
934	 According to a recent survey , 89 % of people have come to think that , since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures , they have to use a lot of time to work hard , to update themselves , to acquire all kinds of skills and so on .	1
935	 Thus , they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal .	1
936	 Even they have some spare time , they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study .	1
937	 Some people may argue that investing much time in cooking food will guarantee nutrition as well as quality of food for their family .	1
938	 To some extent , it is true .	0
939	 However , as a matter of fact , using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality .	1
940	 Even , with the help of ozone machines , bacterias , mold spores , or pesticide in vegetables , fruits and foods will be killed and removed , thus health and life of eaters is assured .	1
941	 Besides , along with the high living standard , requirements of quality products in almost restaurants , nowadays , are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities .	1
942	 Consequently , it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality , but do not waste a lot of time .	1
943	 To sum up , if all those factors are contemplated , it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint .	0
944	 So , from what have been discussed above , I strongly affirm the conclusion that people will spend less time in cooking food .	1
945	 Traditional games or modern games in developing children ' s skills	0
946	 Games have played a key role in children ' s growth , especially in terms of their abilities .	0
947	 With technological advances , children have more access to modern games currently .	0
948	 In such case , the relative importance of traditional games and modern games in children ' s developments of skills has become a frequent topic of discussion .	0
949	 For me , I believe parents and educators should attach more importance to traditional games .	1
950	 It is true that modern games may be , to some extent , beneficial for children to foster some skills , such as computer skills or the capacity to keep up with the latest trend .	1
951	 This is because children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games , which , in fact , helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future .	1
952	 At the same time , children have the chance to experience the state - of - the - art technology , raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative .	1
953	 However , I think traditional games are still indispensible in children ' s learning process , even much more essential than modern games , especially in modern society .	1
954	 One primary merit of traditional games is that they foster children ' s communication skills .	1
955	 Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines , traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat , laugh and cooperate face to face .	1
956	 As a result , communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more .	1
957	 Furthermore , it is the educational functions traditional games hold that keep them alive today .	1
958	 In fact , these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children ' s skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices .	1
959	 By contrast , modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits .	1
960	 Therefore , there is a risk that children may be exposed to unhealthy contents , such as violence or pornography , arranged in the games by such companies to secure financial survival .	1
961	 Thus , I would conclude that traditional games should be , by no means , ignored by parents and teachers with the advent of modern games .	1
962	 Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process .	1
963	 Government shouldn ' t put money on building theaters or sports stadiums	0
964	 How to allocate governmental budget efficiently has always been a hot topic of discussion among the public .	0
965	 Recently , some people argue that government should invest more on medical care and education rather than on entertaining or sports facilities .	1
966	 As far as I am concerned , this proposal is beneficial more to the society .	0
967	 Taking care of thousands of citizens who suffer from disease or illiteracy is more urgent and pragmatic than building theaters or sports stadiums .	1
968	 As a matter of fact , an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals , whereas a physical damaged person , resulting from the lack of medical treatment , may no longer participate in any sports games .	1
969	 Therefore , providing education and medical care is more essential and prioritized to the government .	1
970	 Entertaining facilities such as cinemas , theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit - oriented .	1
971	 Their existences are based on their marketing strategies , the condition of facilities and the volume of audience .	1
972	 The competition among each of these facilities is an inevitable part of the free market , which should not be interfered by government .	1
973	 Instead , the establishment of medical facilities or educational institutes is aimed to improve the health or education standard rather than earning profits , which deserves more funds from government .	1
974	 Furthermore , putting taxpayers ' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them .	1
975	 For example , not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot .	1
976	 Therefore , it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens ' tax funds to meet a minority of people ' s needs .	1
977	 That is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support , because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis .	1
978	 To summarize , I strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities , because the former is more essential , non - profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens .	1
979	 Technology keeps traditional skills and ways of life alive or not ?	0
980	 Living in the 21st century , people are firmly convinced that technology is the main driving force behind productivity .	0
981	 Thus , every country has been promoting technological advances in the recent years , regardless of any potential problems it may bring about .	0
982	 Some people are worried modern technological technology is probably a hurdle to the preservation of traditional techniques and lifestyles .	0
983	 However , I believe their concern is groundless .	0
984	 Instead , technology plays a key role in promoting traditional techniques and lifestyles .	1
985	 In terms of time and space , technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life .	1
986	 In the past , only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles .	1
987	 This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills .	1
988	 However , with the access to the Internet , one of the greatest innovations in modern society , humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime , anywhere .	1
989	 Additionally , technology enriches the way of displaying traditional cultural heritage , making it more vivid and appealing .	1
990	 For example , China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo , using a variety of state - of - the - art technological methods , such as robots and LED screens .	1
991	 In fact , many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture .	1
992	 On the other hand , some people are concerned that technology may have a detrimental effect on the traditional lifestyles .	1
993	 They argue that people , especially youngsters , are crazier about fresh and advanced things , such as digital products , thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques .	1
994	 But I believe this is not the issue because people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years .	1
995	 Therefore , I will conclude that technology indeed supports the preservation and promotion of traditional techniques and lifestyles .	1
996	 Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run .	0
997	 Creative Artists	0
998	 Innovative artists bring enjoyment and inspiration to our sometimes tedious life ; however , some people deem that artists have been entrusted with too much freedom and power and should be restricted by the government .	0
999	 It is my personal belief that freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas should always be eulogized and it ' s rather iniquitous to impose a shackle on artists ' will to create .	1
1000	 One of the major concerns against freeing artists ' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society ; however , I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work .	1
1001	 It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination , exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated ; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not , it is the public ' s authority to determine how to interpret its meaning .	1
1002	 If the art displays unreality , the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value ; if the art reflects the reality , then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth ?	1
1003	 Would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth ?	0
1004	 In a word , the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified .	1
1005	 Let ' s then take a look at the impact that art has posed on individuals .	0
1006	 It is undeniable that some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity , violence , eroticism etc .	1
1007	 I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents ; however , in the case of adults being the audience , there ' s really nothing to hide - these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain - washed only because of some pieces of creative art .	1
1008	 By way of conclusion , I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work ; on the contrary , they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas - this world needs them to make itself colourful .	1
1009	 Nowadays there are more opportunities for women than there were in the past	0
1010	 The modern times have witnessed profound changes in most aspects of life , including the revolution of feminism .	0
1011	 Women have been opened up to more chances than ever .	0
1012	 This , contrary to some ideas , is a positive progress in human society from my point of view .	1
1013	 To start with , the fairness between males and females is inevitable in such a developed society .	1
1014	 Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children .	1
1015	 Women nowadays are much more active , they may be successful businessmen , they join the political world , they become scientists and so on .	1
1016	 This is to say , the weaker gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men , not to mention they even perform better in some fields .	1
1017	 In the second place , the revolution in females ' right has brought about many benefits not only to themselves but society as well .	1
1018	 The financial burden of families , for instance , has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money .	1
1019	 What is more , women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers like healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration .	1
1020	 Admittedly , such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or , under many circumstances , women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives .	1
1021	 Also , children might enjoy less care from parents as they are both busy with their work .	1
1022	 Yet everything has it upside and downside , women should find the best way to overcome such challenges .	0
1023	 All things considered , in a society where females are given equal opportunities compared with males would obviously enjoy lots of benefits far outweighing its obstacles .	1
1024	 Growing traffic and pollution can be controlled by increasing petrol prices	0
1025	 As we read newspapers or watch TV , we have always been attracted by environmental problems such as traffic issues , air and water pollution questions .	0
1026	 Initiatives should be taken to address the specific problems .	0
1027	 As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far - reaching , it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems , though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society .	1
1028	 Specifically , price control institution has been used in plenty of social areas , for example , in the farming products and in the real estate area ; however , whether it can work out for alleviating traffic and pollution pressure ought to be evaluated .	1
1029	 On one hand , governments have a macro - economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands .	1
1030	 Consequently , it seems not easy to increase petrol price instantly .	1
1031	 On the other hand , pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil , chemical pollutants , extra lights , also constitute considerable amount of pollution .	1
1032	 In addition , the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed - up of working pace , resulting in traffic jams during rush - hours .	1
1033	 As illustrated before , several other solutions can be introduced to assist in reducing pollution and traffic problems .	1
1034	 Primarily , authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities , such as constructing more bus lines , in order to reducing the usage of private cars .	1
1035	 Furthermore , temporarily targets should be set , with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time , for example , a season .	1
1036	 Plus with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems .	1
1037	 Meanwhile , cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out , though it might not be into effect immediately , but in the long run , it would be a wise choice .	1
1038	 In conclusion , addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price is not adequate , while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable , plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised .	1
1039	 Is image more powerful than the written word ?	0
1040	 A picture is worth a thousand words is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time .	0
1041	 This strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages , ideas , or opinions to people .	0
1042	 Nevertheless , the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used .	0
1043	 Hence , I agree only to certain degree that in today ' s world , image serves as a more effective means of communication .	1
1044	 Firstly , pictures can influence the way people think .	1
1045	 For example , nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking .	1
1046	 As a result , statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers , indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit .	1
1047	 Not only that , the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter , which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan .	1
1048	 Apart from that , images are also widely used in newspapers , magazines and advertisements .	1
1049	 Thus , it is undeniable that images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many .	1
1050	 Looking from another perspective , written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages .	1
1051	 With only pictures , everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images .	1
1052	 Nonetheless , this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about .	1
1053	 Furthermore , the primary way of educating students is also by this way .	1
1054	 Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better .	1
1055	 To conclude , both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect , either images or words .	1
1056	 Hence , for a more meaningful communication , these two elements have their respective roles to play : image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject .	0
1057	 Several languages are in danger of extinction	0
1058	 It is certainly true that some languages are disappearing day by day over the world .	0
1059	 Some people , therefore , harbour a view saying that governments should preserve those by spending some budgets on them .	0
1060	 But the others do not believe it is possible .	0
1061	 In my opinion , this viewpoint needs to be examined thoroughly and this essay will discuss this issue .	0
1062	 First and foremost , it is easy to realize that languages , especially oral language , are a quite major part of culture of a country .	1
1063	 It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country .	1
1064	 The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional , customs and habitants do not exist .	1
1065	 Governments should spend money on keeping and preserving these things for the rich diversity of cultures which make our world more interesting .	1
1066	 What is more , it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more .	1
1067	 On the other hand , there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages .	1
1068	 Although governments invest money on doing that , it is hard to gain the good results .	1
1069	 As evidence of this , there are a few people , particularly the youngsters , do not pay attention on collecting and studying those .	1
1070	 These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular .	1
1071	 In addition , the preservations need a long time to gather , restore all information as well as train in the educational centre .	1
1072	 If they do not try their best , their protection can be halted and waste of money .	1
1073	 In a nutshell , I am convinced that all languages should be preserved and developed as much as possible .	1
1074	 All people should give a hand to do this better and governments play a vital role on encouraging and distributing those .	0
1075	 Do arts and music improve the quality of life ?	0
1076	 My view is that the government should give priorities to invest more money on the basic social welfares such as education and housing instead of subsidizing arts relative programs .	1
1077	 Art is not the key determination of quality of life , but education is .	1
1078	 In order to make people better off , it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens .	1
1079	 This is simply because knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people ' s lives for a well - rounded social system .	1
1080	 Admittedly , art , to some extent , serve a valuable function about enriching one ' s daily lives , for example , it could bring release one ' s heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work .	1
1081	 However , it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries , in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room .	1
1082	 By comparison to these issues , the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all .	1
1083	 To conclude , art could play an active role in improving the quality of people ' s lives , but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life .	1
1084	 Government should be responsible for education and health care or not ?	0
1085	 Despite the development of modern society , the health care and education still remain the basic rights of citizens .	0
1086	 And a much debated issue these days is whether or not the government should be responsible for citizens ' health care and education .	0
1087	 Some people argue that it is the government that should be obligated to fund the health care and education for citizens .	1
1088	 This is because citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment , which should be enabled by the government , the leader of the society .	1
1089	 If citizens had no access to health care and education , their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk .	1
1090	 As a result , such people might fail to get cured in time , thus influencing their working efficiency , which would destabilize the production of the industry .	1
1091	 Also , without sufficient guidance of teachers , these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes , posing a threat to other citizens ' security .	1
1092	 Therefore , the government should be accountable for citizens ' health care and education to keep society safe and stable .	1
1093	 On the other hand , some people oppose the argument , saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society , since a great number of people , in fact , have had the capacity to pay for the both privately .	1
1094	 Instead , the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members ' wellbeing , such as soaring crime rate , AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure , which are requiring financial resources from the government to address .	1
1095	 Personally , I think the government should fund the deprived for their health care and education , who are the group in real need for the authority ' s help .	1
1096	 At the same time , citizens available for the both should encourage the government to allocate money to more urgent areas .	0
1097	 After all , the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens .	0
1098	 Economic development vs environment	0
1099	 Currently , a great number of countries have pushed forward their economies by developing national industries .	0
1100	 However , some people are worried that the economic targets in industrialized countries may be attained at the expense of the ecosystems .	0
1101	 From my perspective , I think flourishing economies can go hand in hand with environmental preservation .	1
1102	 Admittedly , some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection , thus ruining the local environments .	1
1103	 As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources , advanced technologies and experience , they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards .	1
1104	 Besides , people in the poverty - stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems .	1
1105	 As a result , unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen , which can put a strain on the natural resources .	1
1106	 In this view , the economic development and environmental protection can be conflicting .	1
1107	 However , I believe the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment .	1
1108	 With people raising their awareness of the green economy , the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients , which means eco - friendly businesses can make a favorable impression on customers today , triggering sales .	1
1109	 For example , electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years .	1
1110	 Furthermore , taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies .	1
1111	 If a firm is environmentally conscious , it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment , which can boost productivity .	1
1112	 Therefore , it may spur its economic development .	1
1113	 On the other hand , without the requirement of environmental preservation , the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs , being a hurdle to the economic development .	1
1114	 Therefore , I would conclude that thriving economies and the preservation of ecosystems can be promoted simultaneously .	1
1115	 On the other hand , I suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources , technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas .	0
1116	 Government should spend money on ARTs , not only on public services	0
1117	 As people have raised their democratic awareness in recent years , they are caring more about how the tax expenditure is distributed by the government .	0
1118	 As a result , some people suggest that the tax money should be allocated to publically beneficial services instead of arts .	0
1119	 However , from my perspective , I think arts are supposed to be included in the government ' s investment as well .	1
1120	 Admittedly , the government should give priority to public services and facilities .	1
1121	 This is because the government plays the role of a leader among citizens , which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable .	1
1122	 Simultaneously , public services such as education system or medical care can meet people ' s basic demand of survival , security and knowledge , thus making them feel comfortable , which can lower the crime rate .	1
1123	 Therefore , public services and facilities should be given adequate attention by the authorities to maintain social stability .	1
1124	 On the other hand , I believe arts should by no means been disregarded by the government .	1
1125	 Individually , arts can enrich people ' s cultural lives .	1
1126	 Currently , people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition .	1
1127	 Consequently , they require various entertainment such as music , movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure .	1
1128	 Without arts , people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems .	1
1129	 From the point of the local community , funding arts is beneficial to the local cultural and economic development .	1
1130	 Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts .	1
1131	 This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage , which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry .	1
1132	 In this view , arts serve cultural and economic purposes .	1
1133	 With those arguments in mind , I would conclude that public services and facilities are an integral part of the government expenditure .	1
1134	 At the same time , the authorities should also respect the value of arts which are individually and socially advantageous .	1
1135	 Keeping animals in zoos	0
1136	 Since the time they were introduced zoos have both been supported and criticized .	0
1137	 Many believe that zoos could be very entertaining and ecologically important , whereas , others think that keeping animals in captivity is totally wrong .	0
1138	 Both sides will be discussed before a reasonable conclusion is drawn .	0
1139	 First , critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non - human persons and they should have the right of having freedom .	1
1140	 This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures .	1
1141	 That is because , many zoos , especially the ones in developing countries , do not provide care and attention which their animals require .	1
1142	 The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment .	1
1143	 In addition , sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe .	1
1144	 On the other hand , the advocators believe that zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology .	1
1145	 Many people , especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals , cute baby - born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world .	1
1146	 Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public .	1
1147	 Also , zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life .	1
1148	 This is due to the fact that , in zoos , animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters .	1
1149	 Thus zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced .	1
1150	 In conclusion , both of the arguments have strong supports , but in my own view , more good come from zoos than bad .	1
1151	 However , it is hoped that the standards of zoos should be leveled up to ensure that the animals in zoos are provided with good care and attention .	0
1152	 Artists ' freedom to express ideas	0
1153	 Artists in most countries are given the freedom to express their thoughts in whatever they do .	0
1154	 Nevertheless , some argue that there should be government restrictions in order to limit their opinions .	0
1155	 I however , agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece .	1
1156	 First and foremost , if there is control over artists ' ideas , they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run .	1
1157	 It is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves , most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies .	1
1158	 For example , paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times .	1
1159	 In short , without any limitations , there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists .	1
1160	 Furthermore , it is every human ' s right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation .	1
1161	 Today , many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries .	1
1162	 Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country .	1
1163	 To illustrate this further , the famous movie ' 3 Idiots ' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn .	1
1164	 Thus , human rights is violated if artists are not allowed to express their feelings freely .	1
1165	 Looking from another perspective , there are certain drawbacks if artists are not restricted .	0
1166	 They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country .	1
1167	 To cite an example , Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace .	1
1168	 In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races , this might end up in some chaos among the society .	1
1169	 Nonetheless , I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts .	1
1170	 To conclude , it is now evident that there should not be any restrictions on artists ' work .	1
1171	 Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations .	1
1172	 Hence , even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects , I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus , I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them .	1
1173	 The nuclear power provide clean and cheap energy	0
1174	 The topic of nuclear technology frequently generates a heated debate with proponents maintaining that nuclear power provides a source of efficient and economical energy while opponents argue that atomic technology is uncontrollable and very dangerous to handle .	0
1175	 As far as my opinion is concerned , I find myself aligned with opponents of the usages of nuclear power .	1
1176	 I have several reasons to believe its disadvantages outnumber the few advantages .	0
1177	 First and foremost reason is that pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons .	1
1178	 Last century has witnessed the horrors of such weapons .	1
1179	 If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for military usage .	1
1180	 Another reason to fortify my opinion is that even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity .	1
1181	 For example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area .	1
1182	 This unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are inevitable .	1
1183	 Last but not least , while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power .	1
1184	 Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanent solution of it .	1
1185	 This waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazardous material .	1
1186	 To sum it up , from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may appear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the advantages .	1
1187	 Thus I suggest that use of nuclear technology should be discouraged even for civil purposes .	0
1188	 Giving mobile phones to the unemployed	0
1189	 Today , the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many .	0
1190	 Some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the Internet .	0
1191	 They also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money .	0
1192	 Nevertheless , I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money .	1
1193	 In a positive point of view , when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet , they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities .	1
1194	 For example , they can surf the The Star Onlines ' work section to find a job that is suitable for them .	1
1195	 With the help of the net , they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job .	1
1196	 Not only that , the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with .	1
1197	 In short , if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone , they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive .	1
1198	 Nonetheless , looking from another perspective , supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers ' money .	1
1199	 This is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country .	1
1200	 To illustrate this further , the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living .	1
1201	 To conclude , the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed .	1
1202	 Furthermore , when hand phones are provided for free , many would want to take advantage of this opportunity .	1
1203	 It will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone , they make themselves jobless .	1
1204	 Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones .	1
1205	 In this context , the public ' s money is spent worthlessly .	1
1206	 On top of that , till now , there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment .	1
1207	 To put it in a nutshell , the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment .	1
1208	 I suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them .	0
1209	 I strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work .	0
1210	 Use of CCTV cameras	0
1211	 Today , close circuit television ( CCTV ) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances .	0
1212	 They are used in schools , businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place .	0
1213	 It is undeniable that the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer , especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise .	0
1214	 Nevertheless , some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored .	0
1215	 Even so , I strongly believe that CCTV cameras should be installed in every premise to combat the ever increasing theft rate and to protect the workers at the workplace .	1
1216	 Firstly , by having CCTV cameras at workplace , crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down .	1
1217	 This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves , the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced .	1
1218	 To illustrate this further , in Malaysia , policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight .	1
1219	 Not only that , as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance , they will less likely steal from the shops .	1
1220	 Thus , it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized .	1
1221	 Furthermore , at some offices , employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers .	1
1222	 At times , face - to - face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger .	1
1223	 Hence , the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded .	1
1224	 In the event of an argument , the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken .	1
1225	 In short , these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers .	1
1226	 Looking from another perspective , the use of CCTV cameras does cause controversy .	0
1227	 Those opposing the CCTV systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras .	1
1228	 However , one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences .	1
1229	 Ergo , opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime .	1
1230	 To conclude , CCTV cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise .	1
1231	 This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers .	1
1232	 Admittedly , privacies are lost with the use of these cameras .	1
1233	 Nonetheless , safety should be put first in order to be safe .	1
1234	 Some prefer to work for a company , some prefer to work for themselves	0
1235	 There are many kinds of jobs in society .	0
1236	 Some of them are done by companies that related to government , and some of them are done by privat companies .	0
1237	 Although both companies have their advantages and disadvantages , I would prefer to work for myself , and have my own business .	1
1238	 There are many benefits when people work for themselves rather than work for the others .	0
1239	 In the first place , there are a large number of opportunities in privat works that you cannot find them when you work for the others .	1
1240	 In your job you can be boss of yourself ; however , in the other jobs someone else are your boss .	1
1241	 You always have to be responsible for your task , and it make a stressful situation that I never like it .	1
1242	 What is more , when people work for themselves they make more profit for themselves , but in the other jobs you make profits for the other such as your manager .	1
1243	 Unfortunately nowadays most of them pick up this profit without sharing a small sum of it with their workers , and from my point of view it is unfair .	1
1244	 Finally , there are some authorities in privat jobs that workers are always looking for them while they are working for the others .	1
1245	 When you work for yourself you can punch in and punch out whenever you want .	1
1246	 Sometimes some occasions happen to people for example a disease , sticking in a traffic jam and sometime going on a vacation .	1
1247	 For all of them we have to ask for a permission , and most of the time we are not allowed .	1
1248	 There is no doubt that working for the other have some advantages , too , but I imagine people that have their own business are more comfortable .	1
1249	 They have more opportunities , profits , and authorities .	1
1250	 The expression Never , never give up means keep trying and never stop working	0
1251	 Many individuals throughout their life face with at least one failure in different areas such as education , love and economy .	0
1252	 Some believe when a person faces with a failure the best way is to forget that and releases that ; however , I completely disagree with this idea .	0
1253	 I always believe that a defeated person has to try and try until to achieve her or his goal .	1
1254	 First of all , when people face with a failure they can learn a large number of things from that failure , therefore in the next effort they try to avoid doing and repeating that mistakes .	1
1255	 For instance , most of inventors in the first phases of their job face with some problems and defeats , but in the next stages they learn how to deal with problems .	1
1256	 Second of all , experience shows while people doing a job constantly , they become more experienced in that subject , so in the final effort they become successful with the high percentile .	1
1257	 For example , scientists experiment a substance for a long time , after they gain lots of experience and knowledge about that subject they decide to make it final .	1
1258	 To sum up , I would maintain that people should not give up when they face with a failure .	1
1259	 In opposite , they have to learn new points from that failure , and they become more experienced .	1
1260	 Some people think that human needs for farmland , housing and industry are more	0
1261	 Nowadays there are some issues which many countries and nations are concern about that .	0
1262	 Two of the most important of them are rate of increasing population and endangered plants and animals .	0
1263	 From my point of view although endangered animals are important , human needs should be considered more .	1
1264	 Firstly , day by day population is increasing , so human needs for food is increasing as well .	1
1265	 We need farmland to grow crops such as wheat and corn , and there is no doubt that without food people cannot alive for more than some weeks .	1
1266	 Therefore , farmlands are vital for human life .	1
1267	 Secondly , people need shelters to protect themselves from mother nature such as wind and flood and wild animals , so they need land to build their houses on it .	1
1268	 Dwelling is one of the most important human needs after food which is undeniable .	1
1269	 Finally , human need some crucial things to continue their life , and most of them are industrial such as medicine .	1
1270	 Therefore , some lands should be assigned to industry .	1
1271	 Todays life has some difficulty which become comfortable with the help of industry .	1
1272	 To conclude , the population of endangered animals are less than people ' s population , so they do not need so much land that people need .	1
1273	 I would maintain that nowadays humans need farmland , housing and industry because of increasing population are more important than saving land for endangered animals .	1
1274	 Best way to judge about people is to be familiar with their personality - not with their look	0
1275	 Individuals have two features , one of them is appearance and the other one is personality .	0
1276	 From my point of view although appearance is important , personality is the most important .	1
1277	 We can never judge about a person with his or her appearance .	1
1278	 Some people believes , individuals who have black skin or are frown are not good person and in opposite individuals who have pale or white skin or always have smile on their face are good person .	0
1279	 I completely disagree with these kind of judgement which someone makes .	0
1280	 First of all , there are people who play a role and cheat the other individuals with their playing , therefore we have to be aware to never judge with their appearance .	1
1281	 For example , some people cheat their fiance before marriage by showing a cheerful face and well spoken ; however , after getting marriage they show their real personality .	1
1282	 Second of all , there are some people who are black skin , fat and frown , nonetheless they might be a great person for leaving and colleague .	1
1283	 For instance , I have a neighbor who are old , black skin and frown and I had always panicked of her .	1
1284	 One day in a cold winter while I was getting back to home from school I realized that I lost my keys , so I could not do anything before my parents getting back home .	1
1285	 She asked me to stay with her till my parents come , also she was great in hospitality and her behavior was unforgettable .	1
1286	 After that I understood , I had to never judge with people ' s appearance .	1
1287	 All in all , the best way to judge about individuals ' is to be familiar with their personality not with their appearance .	1
1288	 Unfortunately , many people play role to cheat the others , and they try to hide their real personality with their appearance .	0
1289	 should one follow fashion trends rather than a personal style ?	0
1290	 With increasing availability to the Internet , people can collect a wealth of information about the latest fashion trends over the world , such as the most popular shoes style this season or the best - liked clothes color this year .	0
1291	 However , some people think that dressing in a personal style should be advocated rather than following fashion trends .	0
1292	 From my perspective , fashion trends have a more essential role to play in people ' s lives than personal dressing styles .	1
1293	 This is because following fashion trends enables people to keep up with the world ' s latest transformations , which is of vital importance if we consider the fact that people are living in a global village today .	1
1294	 When individuals keep the habit of grasping the world ' s cutting - edge fashion information , they are gradually changing their attitudes to viewing the world , which means they are more open to accept diverse voices from people around the world .	1
1295	 In contrast , if they stuck to their own fashion styles , disregarding the world ' s top fashion designers ' achievements , they would stay conservative in their own worlds .	1
1296	 As a result , they might fall behind shortly .	1
1297	 Furthermore , people with inadequate aesthetic knowledge or poor originality develop their own senses of fashion when treasuring the latest fashion information .	1
1298	 Without following fashion trends , such people would have a hard time choosing and matching clothes , let alone forming their own dressing styles .	1
1299	 Despite this , it is undeniable that following fashion trends constantly may undermine individuals ' personalities .	1
1300	 Individuals purchase their clothes according to the latest fashion trends , which may result in the phenomenon that people would wear the same style of clothes .	1
1301	 Consequently , the world would look monotonous .	1
1302	 With those arguments in mind , I would conclude that people should , especially for ones lacking basic aesthetic knowledge , care more about fashion trends in lives as they can keep pace with the world ' s changes .	1
1303	 On the other hand , creative design talents can value their own dressing ideas , developing their own fashion styles as they like .	1
1304	 Should wealthy nations support poor ones ?	0
1305	 Whether wealthy nations should take responsibilities to help poorer ones , by means of providing infrastructures , or remain bystander of the global poverty , is an issue of controversy .	0
1306	 Personally I think , as the privileged minority , wealthy nations have every reason to share their fortune with the poor .	1
1307	 In terms of ethics , it is inhumane to watch one ' s fellowman struggle against famine and poverty without doing anything to help , especially when the onlooker takes no effort to do so .	1
1308	 Compassion , a virtue preached in almost all religions from Buddhism to Mohammedanism , is what distinguishes us human beings from animals .	1
1309	 Economically speaking , such aid could also create a win - win situation .	1
1310	 Underdeveloped nations no doubt receive direct benefits through such deeds .	1
1311	 For developed nations , new medical problems may very well arise from the work in underdeveloped nations ; thus related research is conducted accordingly to conquer the problem , promoting the development of the pharmaceutical industry .	1
1312	 The potential market in those poor countries , most of which has a huge population , is also a thing worth mentioning .	1
1313	 By building a good relationship with them , wealthy nations can not only broaden their global market , but also facilitate future international commerce .	1
1314	 The underdeveloped nations , in return , may export local agricultural products , mineral products with discount to the former , boosting each other ' s economy .	1
1315	 In summary , wealthy nations ' offering in need is not only a moral deed , but also a worthwhile one which will one day pay off in other ways .	1
1316	 Only those who sympathize with their fellowman can prosper in the long run .	1
1317	 Prevention is better than cure	0
1318	 It is a completely right and extremely wise policy to focus on health education and preventative measures rather than treatment .	1
1319	 Once applied , it will bring many benefits to both citizens and governments .	0
1320	 Health education causes long - term positive effects on our next generations .	1
1321	 First of all , thank to a full health education from their childhoods , children will have good habits of taking care of their own health and these habits may be kept in their adolescences .	1
1322	 For example , if a child is educated to have a hygienic lifestyle at a very young age , he also keeps it when older .	1
1323	 Secondly , health education will prepare for people especially children necessary knowledge to protect themselves from risks of diseases .	1
1324	 Instead of afraid or panic , they may be calmer if unfortunately committing some normal diseases such as allergy or illness in seasonal changes .	1
1325	 Many diseases which may be cured easily can turn to serious ones if we do not have right treatment .	1
1326	 Health education will help people to have right choices of treatment to recover more quickly .	1
1327	 Preventative measures will help improve general health state of all citizens .	1
1328	 For example , vaccines will guarantee that pregnant women and their babies are protected from serious infectious diseases such as flu , smallpox , rubella so on .	1
1329	 When huge injection campaigns are organized throughout our country , the community ' s health state will be improved remarkably .	1
1330	 As human resources play a key role in the development of a country , investing money to enhance the general health state is a totally right decision .	1
1331	 In addition , because the cost of treatment is often much higher than that of prevention , the government can save a lot of money for our country ' s health budget .	1
1332	 In conclusion , I strongly agree that we should give more priority to health education and preventative measures than to treatment .	1
1333	 However , reasonable attentions should be paid to treatment so that our citizens are always looked after with best services .	1
1334	 The popularity of news media	0
1335	 Nowadays news media have become more and more popular .	0
1336	 Many people consider that the drawbacks of this phenomenon outweigh its merits .	0
1337	 However , it is possible that this idea is not completely true .	0
1338	 It is widely seen that news media not only brings people entertainment , but also polishes up people ' knowledge .	1
1339	 Therefore , it seems not unreasonable to suggest that this is a positive development .	0
1340	 First and foremost , today entertainment is easier for people to enjoy than ever before .	1
1341	 The fact is that such news media as televisions , radios , or newspapers are bringing many news on entertainment sector from all over the world to everybody .	1
1342	 People can sit in front of their televisions and watch whatever they want , from musical concerts to live football match .	1
1343	 This is a convenient way of relaxation after hard work .	1
1344	 Obviously , the popularity of news media is beneficial to human beings .	1
1345	 In addition to this , news media help people broaden their knowledge .	1
1346	 It is clearly seen that mass media provide people with a variety of global news on all fields , including political situation , economic change , global warming , and so forth .	1
1347	 Hence , there is a strong likelihood that today people are able to know the world better .	1
1348	 This is particularly essential when the globalization process has been permeating into all areas of society .	1
1349	 Indeed , the fast growth of news media is helpful for people worldwide .	1
1350	 In conclusion , the development of news media has been making great inroads into the lives of all people .	1
1351	 It relaxes people with plentiful entertainment news .	1
1352	 It enriches people ' s knowledge with worldwide information .	1
1353	 It also positively affects the way people live in many other aspects .	1
1354	 Therefore , the progress of news media is an advantageous development .	1
1355	 Jury must have access to criminals ' past records	0
1356	 It is a well known fact that a jury involved in a case has no information regarding the criminal ' s past illegal acts under the British and Australian laws .	0
1357	 There are few of those who are concerned think the current practice should be altered and that the juries should at least know something about the criminals before coming to a conclusion .	1
1358	 I , for one , agree to this resolution whole - heartedly as it poses advantages to various parties as I shall discuss below .	0
1359	 First and foremost , I believe that it would be easier for the juries to make a decision if they know about the past information about the criminal .	1
1360	 This is because , knowing their background very well will enable the juries to analyze the crime before coming up with a judgment .	1
1361	 For instance , take a person who has not murdered anyone but is suddenly found to be guilty .	1
1362	 The juries will be able to know weather the individual committed the crime intentionally or due to circumstances by knowing the facts about the person .	1
1363	 Then , punishment can be given in accordance to the condition .	1
1364	 Apart from that , a fair trial can be achieved .	1
1365	 As all of us know , juries are a group of people who have no or less knowledge regarding law .	1
1366	 Thus , exposing them to the past records of the criminal can give them more room to think rationally and finally put the pieces together in order to produce a more meaningful decision .	1
1367	 By doing so , the juries will have a sense of relief that they have come up with better conclusion based on plenty of evidences .	1
1368	 Not only that , the convicted will also receive a fair action .	1
1369	 It is undeniable that when the background of the convicted is ' dug ' deeper and is revealed to mass of anonymous people , his privacy is being jeopardized .	1
1370	 If finally he is proven innocent , he may feel embarrassed to face the public .	1
1371	 However , I am sure that the crimes done by criminals should be brought to light and the public should be aware of it so that they will not become a victim as well .	1
1372	 To conclude , I definitely feel that the current way of the juries judging the case should be transformed and they should know the facts about the criminals they are dealing with .	1
1373	 This is of paramount importance so that they will be able to give a better and reliable as well as a fair judgment to the convicted .	1
1374	 Beneficial changes will certainly take place if changes are made because for a change to happen , changes have to be done .	0
1375	 Taking a break before starting higher education is a good idea	0
1376	 Nowadays , it is an increasingly common trend to take a break before starting university studies .	0
1377	 It is not just becoming common among rich students but also in the poor students .	0
1378	 Students take a break of year or two , some students travel all around the world during this time , and some choose to take up a job .	0
1379	 Experience gained through traveling to different places , meeting different people and even at job goes long way .	1
1380	 It not only enhances the confidence of a student but also makes them independent .	1
1381	 Student ' s who works tend to gather better financial resources which they can rely on during their university studies .	1
1382	 This experience also makes them aware of what they would like to make of their life .	1
1383	 They develop broader view and can make a better choice of their future studies or courses .	1
1384	 Taking a break not just has benefits but it also comes with some negative impacts .	1
1385	 Once student ' s starts earning , they might not like to go back to studies where they would lose their financial independence .	1
1386	 They might even find it difficult to adapt to education environment .	1
1387	 There is also a risk of student never going back to university or higher education .	1
1388	 Probably some might take some short term courses instead of proper and complete university education , which will help them to get a better job and salaries .	1
1389	 This might only help them in a short run as it is a known fact that to make a reasonable career in longer runs , one needs a proper and higher qualification .	1
1390	 In my view point , I would agree to idea of taking a break before starting higher education .	1
1391	 Students who take break , gain lot of benefits by traveling around the places or by working .	1
1392	 They tend to contribute more due to their real world experiences which makes them more mature .	1
1393	 University education is needed for success	0
1394	 In today ' s modern and competitive society , it is undeniable that we must equip ourselves with plenty of knowledge and skills in order to shine and to be successful in life .	0
1395	 Many opine that the aforementioned aspects are mostly obtained through learning in academic institutions .	0
1396	 I do agree to that opinion to a certain degree .	0
1397	 Nevertheless , I feel that one can also shine without even having to attend universities .	1
1398	 First and foremost , it is certainly true that university education is of paramount importance for certain professions such as doctor , engineer and lawyer .	1
1399	 Without proper training and knowledge , it would be impossible for them to perform their best in their careers .	1
1400	 Not only that , when they are in a university , they will have the opportunity to share their knowledge as well as to network for business associates and partners .	1
1401	 This can benefit them in future when they intend to open up their own companies or hospitals .	1
1402	 Looking from another perspective , there are also a significant number of people who are very successful in their fields without going to university .	1
1403	 Take for instance those who start their own business .	1
1404	 These people depend solely on hard work and luck .	1
1405	 Interestingly , for some of them it proved to be a profitable job .	1
1406	 To cite an example , Michael Dell who is the founder and the CEO of Dell left college at 19 .	1
1407	 Initially , he started his computer company in his college dorm room .	1
1408	 Eventually , he used his earnings as well as his family ' s loan in order to progress to be who he is now .	1
1409	 In addition , people with natural talents are also most likely to excel in their life .	1
1410	 This is especially true in sectors like entertainment and sports .	1
1411	 The introduction of increasing number of reality shows have made it possible for all those lucky ones to triumph .	1
1412	 To illustrate this further , David Archuleta who was once a nobody has now taken up a large space in hearts of many .	1
1413	 Hence , it is evident that individuals born with talents have also a high chance to be successful .	1
1414	 To wrap it all up , it is indeed true that university education is pivotal in a person ' s life in order for one to prosper .	1
1415	 However , it would be wrong to say that one ' s success completely depends on the education he or she receives at the institutions .	1
1416	 Natural talent and hard work also contribute to their progress .	0
1417	 Should people be forced to stop working ?	0
1418	 The appropriate age at which a person should stop working is now a much debated issue in the society .	0
1419	 Some opine that people should be given the option to choose when they want to call it a day while others oppose this notion .	0
1420	 In my personal point of view , the right age for a person to retire should be around 60 years old .	1
1421	 I , for one , strongly agree that age should be set as a criterion for people to retire at the aforementioned age due to several reasons that I shall discuss below .	1
1422	 First and foremost , if senior workers dominate the working sector , there will be lesser job opportunities for the fresh graduates .	1
1423	 As a result , most of them will be forced to take up careers which are poles apart from what they had studied for .	1
1424	 To illustrate this further , a medical graduate might find it very disheartened when he had to spend around five precious years studying medicine and at the end of the day , he will have to take up another profession rather than doctor due to the insufficient job opportunities available .	1
1425	 On top of that , due to the lack of genuine passion on the work which was not of their option , there is a greater possibility for their performance standard to dwindle at their workplace .	1
1426	 Apart from that , not all elderly workers are physically well .	1
1427	 Beyond that age , a large proportion of them have an elevated chance of contracting a multitude of health problems such as stress related diseases and cardiovascular illnesses .	1
1428	 To cite an example , the stressful life that an aged teacher goes through will definitely take a toll on him .	1
1429	 Consequently , they will not be able to give their best in whatever they are doing .	1
1430	 Besides , the academic institution will have to pay for his medical bills , resulting in more loss for the institution .	1
1431	 Thus , it would indeed be better if at an older age , opportunities are given to the younger ones .	1
1432	 Admittedly , the expertise of the senior workers who had retired should never be underestimated .	1
1433	 Their invaluable experiences and knowledge in their respective fields such as engineering , medicine , and law can certainly be beneficial to the younger generation .	1
1434	 Hence , it is highly recommended that the retiree come over to the companies or hospitals to have regular sessions with the present staffs to bridge the gap between them and to pass on their knowledge .	1
1435	 In conclusion , it is indeed evident that age limit should be set for retirement .	1
1436	 There will come a certain time when the older generation should hand over the responsibility to the fresh comers who are certainly waiting to be given a choice to prove themselves .	0
1437	 After all , retirement not only marks the end of an individual , but also gives him a chance to make up for what he has lost throughout his working life .	0
1438	 Are museums necessary ?	0
1439	 I believe public museums and art galleries will still be necessary , even though we can see the art works and historical objects online .	1
1440	 Most people nowadays prefer to use the Internet to search for art work because the Internet really brings them convenience .	1
1441	 We can browse the art work from all over the world at home .	1
1442	 However , people may not get a spiritual experience since pictures online are only limited to a screen size .	1
1443	 By contrast , the exhibits in museums or galleries are all life size and visitors can get a more direct felling .	1
1444	 For example , only when we see the real mummy , can we experience mystique .	1
1445	 In order to help visitors to learn more about the exhibits , museums hold various activities which make visitors be part of what they are seeing .	1
1446	 For example , at American Museum of Natural History , you can make a bone - by - bone reproduction of the museum ' s stegosaurus ; at Museum of Art in New York , you can look at 17th century instruments while listening to their music .	1
1447	 While if you visit the museum online , you may not able to get this kind of experience .	1
1448	 Seeing an art work on computer screen is not the same as you watch it by your own eyes .	1
1449	 For instance , you can ' t see the texture of the artwork which is very important to study the skills used by the artist .	1
1450	 What ' s more , not all the details of the artwork can be shown on the computer screen .	1
1451	 Some details might be dim since the resolution ratio of the screen is not high enough .	1
1452	 These may influence the comprehension of the art work or historical objects .	1
1453	 In conclusion , I believe we still need museums and art galleries but computers can be introduced to museums and galleries in order to help visitors to know more about the art works or historical objects .	1
1454	 Should the cost of medicines be reduced ?	0
1455	 At present , a large number of patients in poor countries are suffering from deaths caused by lack of medication rather than dangerous diseases .	0
1456	 It is suggested that companies in developed countries ought to reduce their price of medicines to avoid such unnecessary deaths .	0
1457	 Admittedly , more lives will be saved by the use of effective medicines .	1
1458	 The medical industry in developing countries is incapable of producing high - quality drugs .	1
1459	 With advanced technology , the developed world has achieved remarkable breakthroughs in making medicines , which can cure a variety of serious illnesses .	1
1460	 If people in poorer countries gain access to these drugs , their health situations may be better .	1
1461	 The reduction in cost of medicines therefore shows the sign of humanity .	1
1462	 However , the current cost of medicines is , in fact , reasonable and based on the medicines ' effectiveness .	1
1463	 Apparently , the process of researching , testing and producing drugs in masses costs a substantial amount of money .	1
1464	 Moreover , these products prove to ensure human health completely .	1
1465	 Suppose companies were forced to reduce the cost of drugs , they would make no profit , even running up debt because of production expenditure .	1
1466	 Therefore , the measure cannot be adopted , otherwise those companies will go into liquidation .	1
1467	 In short , this is not a long - term solution .	0
1468	 Fortunately , there are other measures to improve the situation .	1
1469	 It is advisable for the government to encourage medical production by supplying land for building factories and reducing part of the taxes .	1
1470	 Additionally , charitable organizations can buy medicines from developed countries and distribute to the undeveloped world for free .	1
1471	 In conclusion , I disagree with reducing the cost of medicines , which may exacerbate their qualities .	1
1472	 Instead , the government and medical foundations should be responsible for the distribution of drugs to the undeveloped world at a more reasonable price .	0
1473	 Prohibit public smoking ?	0
1474	 The awareness on harmful effects from smoking among the general public has put much pressure on the government and private sectors .	0
1475	 As a result , some businesses prohibit smoking in their premises and even some governments restrict smoking in public area .	0
1476	 It is agreed that the move will do more good by looking at the quality of health and image of a nation in long run .	1
1477	 Firstly , it is well known and clinically proven that smoking is extremely hazardous to the smoker and others who have been exposed to the fume over a period of time .	1
1478	 Recent death statistic released by the Malaysian Ministry of Health shows that the top killer was lung related diseases caused by smoking .	1
1479	 A large proportion of death involved second hand smoker particularly young children and pregnant women who were vulnerable to these lethal diseases .	1
1480	 Therefore , the number of fatality can be significantly reduced if a total ban on public smoking is implemented .	1
1481	 Secondly , the image of a healthy nation can be promoted when government restricts public smoking by imposing stern penalty to the offender .	1
1482	 For instance , the Brunei government had recently enforced a law against smoking in public areas such as caf e s , hospital and shopping street .	1
1483	 This step has curbed down the numbers of smokers in the country and as a result , Brunei remains a place known for its tranquility and cleanliness .	1
1484	 This example shows the benefit of restricting public smoking to a country as a whole .	1
1485	 To sum up , the effort to prohibit people from smoking in public area is certainly helping in curtailing the associated health risks and to create a healthy nation .	1
1486	 It is hoped that more businesses and governments will follow the same initiatives for the interest of the people and the country .	0
1487	 Human activities are harming the Earth	0
1488	 Save the planet Earth is a common line which can be read and heard all over the world .	0
1489	 There has been a lot of initiatives to protect the planet Earth from unbridled human developments .	0
1490	 Although some people argue these developments are making our life comfortable , but concerns to save Earth are vital due to various reasons .	1
1491	 Firstly , rapid development of infrastructure is eating most of the forest throughout world .	1
1492	 The so - called Concrete jungles have evolved endangering forests and wild life .	1
1493	 As we all know life saving oxygen is produced by trees after converting harmful carbon dioxide gas .	1
1494	 Moreover , wild life is very essential to maintain ecological balance on planet Earth .	1
1495	 Secondly , large emissions of carbon monoxide gas from refrigerants like air conditioners have depleted ozone layer .	1
1496	 Importance of ozone layer is evident by the fact as it protects us from harmful ultra violet rays .	1
1497	 To add to it , excess emission of carbon dioxide gas mainly by vehicles around the world has increased the average temperature at north pole which in turn has increased water level due to gradual melting of glaciers .	1
1498	 Lastly , either industrial waste or domestic waste produced everyday is badly polluting the planet Earth .	1
1499	 For instance a large amount of unnoticed industrial waste released in oceans effects aquatic life to a large extent .	1
1500	 Harmful chemicals present in industrial waste kills lot of sea creatures in oceans or rivers .	1
1501	 To conclude , Earth is our home and it should be protected .	1
1502	 Any human activity causing harm to Earth should be controlled and alternate ways should be devised to control damage .	0
1503	 Creative ideas should be encouraged to leave minimum environmental footprints without compromising quality of life .	0
1504	 Amount of control on media information	0
1505	 Nowadays , one of the most controversial issues related to mass media is the correct amount of control posed on newspapers , televisions and websites .	0
1506	 It is argued that the government should exercise less restriction on sharing of media information to public .	0
1507	 However , I strongly believe that it should increase the level of control to protect the public against inappropriate contents and unsuitable foreign cultures .	1
1508	 One of the strong arguments in favour of tighter media control is to limit the violent and sexual content .	1
1509	 They have a serious impact on people in their puberty .	1
1510	 For example , an internet cartoon comedy called happy tree is extremely brutal , where the characters usually have their heads or limbs tear off .	1
1511	 Another supporting reason is that television companies import foreign programmes from time to time and audiences might accept their ideas which maybe otherwise not welcomed to local culture .	1
1512	 A few years ago there was a Japanese game show which involved throwing cream cakes to the loser .	1
1513	 This is actually very environmentally unfriendly .	1
1514	 The major opposing argument is to protect the safety of citizens .	0
1515	 In other words , the government should disclose the information to the media in a timely manner , especially for disasters and outbreak of new diseases .	1
1516	 Taking the SARS in 2003 as an example , the Chinese government limited the amount of information for public access which therefore causes numerous deaths .	1
1517	 Even so , another perspective on this is to prevent the citizen from unnecessary fear and unrest .	1
1518	 Both sides of the arguments have its merits .	0
1519	 My personal view is that despite the emphasis of citizen safety , the government should regulate the correct amount of violent and sexual content and censor the culturally unsuitable information .	1
1520	 Setting up a council to monitor the media information to the public could be a practical idea .	0
1521	 Citizen ' s only responsibility is to pay taxes	0
1522	 There is a controversial debate around the world about the duties of citizen .	0
1523	 Some people believe that paying tax is the only responsibility of citizens , while others disagree and think that being a person in society involves more responsibilities .	0
1524	 Taxes are the income for every country in the world and they are extremely important for developing countries .	1
1525	 If people are paying taxes , that means they are taking part in the development of their country as well as the country ' s economy .	1
1526	 Therefore , they have fulfilled their duty as a citizen .	1
1527	 Some people argue that individuals of a country are responsible for many other things apart from paying tax .	1
1528	 In fact , in order to develop a country , citizens must obey laws , which were imposed by the government .	1
1529	 In this way , the crime rate is reduced and society becomes a peaceful place , so the country will develop at a rapid pace .	1
1530	 Furthermore , being a citizen in society should protect the country ' s culture and history .	1
1531	 For instance , people should have knowledge about their own culture and history by studying at school with full concentration or reading them from books .	1
1532	 On the other hand , a person has to unite with other people in the community so as to develop their nation .	1
1533	 Indeed , if people in society have a strong bond with each other , society will become a peaceful place , where people are helping and sharing to each other .	1
1534	 Taking everything into account , I strongly believe that being a citizen involves in a number of duties , other than paying taxes .	1
1535	 People in society must do more than paying taxes to contribute to their society .	1
1536	 Testing on animals and keeping them in unnatural conditions	0
1537	 Perhaps the most serious problem facing the animals ' rights today is animal experimentation .	0
1538	 Many medical treatments have been discovered by animal testing , including cancer and HIV drugs While most scientists claim that this is vital for improving human health , I believe that primates should have the same rights as human beings .	1
1539	 There are several reasons why animal testing should be banned .	1
1540	 Firstly , the costs outweigh the benefits .	1
1541	 Every year , cosmetic companies , farms or medical schools kill millions of animals to test their products , without any beneficial result .	1
1542	 Animal testing costs an enormous amount of money , since they must be fed , cared for and treated with drugs or experimental substances .	1
1543	 Secondly , animals are kept in unnatural conditions .	1
1544	 Recent studies point out that animals are neglected and treated poorly , which influences their reactions to drugs .	1
1545	 In March 2003 , a lab technician shot a video inside a lab , which revealed primates in cages without pain medication , for instance one baboon with a metal cylinder screwed into its head .	1
1546	 Consequently , I think that sacrificing animals is an expensive and painful activity .	1
1547	 There is also the argument that many ethical and genetic principles are broken when testing on animals .	0
1548	 Many people agree that it is not only inhumane and cruel to cause pain to animals , but also misleading , since animals and people ' s response to a drug can be different .	1
1549	 I personally believe that human beings have no moral right to use animals in ways that do not benefit the individual .	1
1550	 For the reasons mentioned above , it seems to me that testing on animals has no clear result and consequently , it should be made illegal .	1
1551	 Pen and Paper Examination	0
1552	 Examinations are one of the most common methods of measuring learning in education systems throughout the world .	0
1553	 At virtually every stage of the learning process , exams are used to verify that the learner is ready to move on to the next stage .	0
1554	 However , many believe that the role of examinations should be reconsidered .	0
1555	 There are clearly advantages to exams .	1
1556	 They help to ensure fairness by imposing the same conditions on all exam candidates .	1
1557	 They are also relatively versatile ; different types of exam questions , for example , multiple - choice questions and essay tasks , can test different sorts of reasoning ability .	1
1558	 However , exams also have some drawbacks .	1
1559	 Test - wise candidates can often perform well on exams without having good underlying knowledge or skills .	1
1560	 In contrast , some test - takers perform cannot achieve a satisfying result because of anxiety .	1
1561	 In this case , teachers and learners focus only on theses aspects of the curriculum that are likely to be tested , thus narrowing the educational experience for all .	1
1562	 A number of measures should be taken to address these concerns .	1
1563	 Wherever possible , exams should match the content and activities of the learning environment .	1
1564	 Exam task should be varied to give fair opportunities to candidates with different types of skills .	1
1565	 Other types of assessment should also be considered , assignment writing , for example , to assess independent learning and research skills , or group projects , to measure teamwork ability .	1
1566	 In conclusion , it is convincing that exams have a role to play in ensuring proper and objective assessment of achievement .	1
1567	 However , exams need to be carefully designed and supplemented with other forms of evaluation if they are to be a truly useful component of the education system .	1
1568	 Richer nations should help poorer nations in health , education and trade	0
1569	 Improvements in health , education and trade are essential for the development of poorer nations .	0
1570	 Poorer nations need help from richer nations in these areas to develop their countries .	1
1571	 Firstly , in the area of health , poorer nations normally have less quantity of doctors and nurses compared to richer nations .	1
1572	 High population in poorer countries due to lack of family planning caused the proportion of doctors unbalance to the quantity of resident .	1
1573	 On top of that , poorer nations are lack of hospitals to fulfill the demand of the patients .	1
1574	 To solve these issues , richer nations can contribute by delegating doctors and nurses to these power nations as well as donate money to build hospitals .	1
1575	 Secondly , in the area of education , it is generally agreed that poorer countries often lack of teachers in schools as well as lecturers in higher education institutions .	1
1576	 Besides that , education for these countries normally is not free so only certain group of students can afford it .	1
1577	 In order to solve the education manpower problem , richer countries can allocate experienced educators to train more teachers and lecturers in poorer countries .	1
1578	 Meanwhile , for the issue of education fee , richer countries should offer scholarships and loan to the qualified students .	1
1579	 Lastly , in the area of trade , no one can deny that poorer countries are lagging behind richer countries due to shortage of money .	1
1580	 Trading are less active in poorer countries may also be caused by incomplete transportation infrastructure .	1
1581	 For example , residents in rural areas still depend on their own farm for food production .	1
1582	 As a token of goodwill , richer nations can provide financial service to poorer countries to encourage trading .	1
1583	 The former can also give consultation on setting up a complete and efficient transportation infrastructure to support trading .	1
1584	 In conclusion , richer nations should take more responsibility for helping the poorer nations in all health , education and trade .	1
1585	 Improvements in these areas will create a better life for residents in poorer nations which they can use to grow their homeland .	1
1586	 There will be soon no role for teachers in classrooms	0
1587	 In recent years it has become more common for teachers to use technological tools in the learning process .	0
1588	 However , I do not agree that this explosion in technology will ' innovate ' the education system , by replacing teachers with computers .	1
1589	 There are several reasons why teachers will never be replaced by computers .	0
1590	 Firstly , computers need to be operated by people .	1
1591	 No one can argue that technological tools are must - haves for the classroom of today .	1
1592	 For example , lessons are more attractive and easier to understand when they are put on a Power Point presentation and then presented with a LCD Projector .	1
1593	 However , scientists prove that every classroom needs trained staff to use these interactive and innovative ways of teaching .	1
1594	 I agree that nowadays the learning process benefits greatly from computers , but they are just tools for teachers and they cannot work properly without human ' s touch .	1
1595	 Secondly , children need human interactions .	1
1596	 No matter how advanced technology will be , it is clear that a computer will never be able to communicate with its pupils .	1
1597	 As a recent interview with Josh Trumm - the founder of the ' Teachers Global Group ' - reveals , human interactions will never be imitated by computers : ' This verbal and non - verbal communication between teachers and children is the first step towards a proper education .	1
1598	 Without someone who can explain and understand their problems , pupils cannot actually learn ' .	1
1599	 I am inclined to agree with this scientific view , because only a teacher can feel and connect with pupils , be a friend and a model .	1
1600	 In conclusion , there can be no school without a teacher .	1
1601	 I think that computers will continue to be used by teachers in the learning process , but they will never take their place .	1
1602	 Teachers are not just teachers , they are also friends and conseilieurs .	1
1603	 Funding artists	0
1604	 Nowadays , in order to save as much budget as possible and improve the economy of the country , every government around the world is seeking for some ways to spend wisely .	0
1605	 Therefore , there is a suggestion that governments should not continue to fund the artists , but they ought to spend money on other necessary subjects such as medical research and space .	0
1606	 In my view , I firmly disagree with this recommendation due to several reasons .	0
1607	 The main reason why I believe artists should be funded is because art helps to improve the quality of our lives as well as attracting tourists .	1
1608	 For example , monuments that represent each city do not only illustrate the city ' s history and culture , but also make the city more beautiful and an attractive place for tourists .	1
1609	 In fact , some countries depend on tourism as their main source of revenue , thus , the governments should help arts because their work crafts are very necessary to boost the tourist industry .	1
1610	 In addition , sculptures and paintings in the museums and art galleries generally reflect the culture and civilization of every generation .	1
1611	 Therefore , culture and history of a country can be reserved and assured by art .	1
1612	 Young people are also able to get more knowledge about their country ' s history and culture by observing various work crafts .	1
1613	 Another reason why artists should be helped is because talent in art is extremely precious and should not be wasted .	1
1614	 Indeed , not many people are blessed in the talent of paintings and work crafts .	1
1615	 Hence , this type of talent has to be valued as other types of talents such as talent in science or literature .	1
1616	 To sum up , art is a very valuable object for every country and the talent in this area cannot be discovered everywhere , so I think governments should help and encourage artists to continue their work .	1
1617	 Whether athletes and singers are overpaid ?	0
1618	 Some people believe that professional athletes and entertainers are paid reasonable salaries , which can be up to millions of dollars each year .	0
1619	 However , that is not equal to their actual contributions to the society .	0
1620	 I believe that their salary at a lower level would be more appropriate compared with other peoples in scientific or social , economic fields .	1
1621	 First of all , some people claim that athletes and singers deserve their current salary because they have an exceptional ability that other people do not own .	1
1622	 For example , hardly anyone could play basketball as skillfully as Michael Jordan - a legendary former American player who won several times in the NBA championship .	1
1623	 They also point out that these people have to undergo painstaking and industrious training , let alone participate in a great number of contests to be recognized and prove themselves .	1
1624	 In addition , although there are many singers and athletes , few of whom could rise to fame and victory ultimately .	1
1625	 Overcoming all these obstacles , they should be paid a great deal of money for their extraordinary efforts .	1
1626	 However , their talents should not be overrated .	0
1627	 Other people say that singers and athletes , in fact , contribute insignificantly to the development of the society .	1
1628	 It is assumed the amazing performances they give to the audiences are only valuable in aesthetic and entertaining terms .	1
1629	 While scientists invent machines serving daily lives , doctors take care of patients and cure their diseases and policemen help to ensure the safety and stability of the nation , singers and athletes do not play a helpful part in improving the material life .	1
1630	 They commit themselves to promoting relaxation and enjoyment for the audience .	1
1631	 Indeed , their contribution is less important than those from doctors or scientists , albeit necessary .	1
1632	 Hence , their privilege of salary seems groundless , while the main work forces receive modest salaries which only enable them to afford bare necessities .	1
1633	 From all analysis suggested above , professional athletes and singers are overpaid in terms of their contributions .	1
1634	 I think that there should be a modification in the salary of professional singers and athletes to balance with those of people in other fields , namely science and society , who are the driving forces for the prosperity of the nation .	0
1635	 Capital punishment is necessary or not ?	0
1636	 Capital punishment is a controversial debate in many countries .	0
1637	 In a world where brutal crimes need to be deterred , it may be true that the death penalty is an efficient retribution to admonish the violence .	0
1638	 However , as the society grows , human rights become more highly respected , murdering criminals is therefore immoral and hard to accept .	1
1639	 First of all , it is recognized that every human being has the right to live and no authority is empowered to deprive one of life .	1
1640	 Although what criminals cause to the society , specifically to the victims , is indeed significantly offensive , they are humans and their lives need to be valued .	1
1641	 In addition , execution does not resolve the consequences of crime , not to mention it could put the criminal ' s family through hardship while the pain of the victim ' s kin is never to be consoled .	1
1642	 Secondly , capital punishment is certainly not the only option to control the amount of crimes , life imprisonment is just as effective by detaining the criminals in prison for the rest of their lives .	1
1643	 Moreover , in terms of punishment , living a miserable life with restriction to the world outside and sustaining the feeling of guilt every day in a dark bounded room are much more obsessing than being killed right away .	1
1644	 The third reason why the death penalty should be banned is the chance that innocent people are wrongly convicted .	1
1645	 Juries are also humans , they may lack of discretion .	1
1646	 Thus , many people are executed for the crime they did not commit , which leads to a question of fairness in judicial system .	1
1647	 In conclusion , although capital punishment presents an extreme warning to the community , I firmly object to it because it is absurd and inhumane .	1
1648	 Furthermore , it can be replaced by a life sentence .	1
1649	 Businesses should be only concerned about making profits .	0
1650	 There is no doubt that companies , factories and businesses establish to provide products which are people ' s need and make a profit for their managers .	0
1651	 However , I completely disagree with the idea that businesses should be allowed to do anything they want to make a profit .	1
1652	 With this permission they are allowed to hit and damage everything for just making a profit .	1
1653	 Firstly , if there is not any control on the businesses and they are permitted to do everything they want , they will threaten the beings ' life such as human , animals and plants .	1
1654	 As every day we read and hear in televisions and newspapers that some factories hit the environment by their toxic substances .	1
1655	 Moreover , if we let them do anything they can to just make a profit , they will produce products with low qualities and high prices , therefore they might hit consumer ' s life .	1
1656	 For instance , a few months ago it was broadcast from TV that a company which produced baby milk , sold milk which did not have quality and it caused a few babies die .	1
1657	 In conclusion , all companies , factories and businesses should be monitored by governments and executive , and they do not have to let do anything they want just due to making profit .	1
1658	 They can hit both the environment and human ' s life easily .	1
1659	 New high school	0
1660	 Although some of my neighbors will oppose this idea , personally I approve it .	0
1661	 The new high school will bring a lot of advantages to my community .	1
1662	 The high school of my district is pretty old and lacks in necessities for students , so they can ' t get enough education .	1
1663	 I really believe that new high school is a great addition to the educational system of my community .	1
1664	 Firstly , I think that the new high school will bring a lots of opportunities for student concerned in education .	1
1665	 Their old high school is pretty old and need in new educational materials , repairing of the place for sport activities .	1
1666	 Also the laboratory of physics and chemistry was in bad condition , so the students can ' t study well during the classes .	1
1667	 They will study with new breath and great enthusiasm in new school .	1
1668	 Secondly , the new high school will be a place for new connections between the student of different communities and districts of the city .	1
1669	 After classes students and not only the students will get together in building of high school , participate in different competitions .	1
1670	 For instance during the football match the students of different high schools will come and after the competition they will keep in touch .	1
1671	 This will increase the social connections of the students .	1
1672	 The only disadvantage is the noisiness of the competitions .	1
1673	 The people living in the neighborhood will be a bit perturbed , but I think this isn ' t a important reason for ceasing the competitions .	1
1674	 To sum up , this new construction has a lot of advantages like new connections between students from different communities , also the new educational equipment will increase the students ' enthusiasm toward studying .	1
1675	 The only disadvantage is the nosiness of competitions which students will participate , but I think that it isn ' t a big deal .	1
1676	 So the new high school will be a great addition for my environment .	1
1677	 Parents or other adult relatives should make important decisions for their olde	0
1678	 It might seem that teenaged children particularly in age of 15 - 18 are fully grown , so they do not need any help for making important decisions .	0
1679	 However , in my opinion , teenagers need more attention and help in comparison with the higher ages .	1
1680	 I will discuss my view in two main areas .	0
1681	 In the first place , there is no doubt that parents and other adult relatives are more experienced towards children , therefore they are the best advisor for their children .	1
1682	 They have experienced a large numbers of stuffs during their life , so if children listen to their advices they can prevent happening worst things .	1
1683	 Also , they can save value things in their life such as time and money , and enjoy they life with the best way .	1
1684	 Moreover , I have always believed that parents and adults relatives are the best friends and consular for the teenagers , because unfortunately nowadays there are some individuals who cheat the others for gaining more power and money .	1
1685	 They cheat young ages because they believe they are immature and they can trap them easily .	1
1686	 To sum up , it makes no difference , people from young ages to old ages are free to make a decision , nonetheless sometimes to prevent some problems coming up for young individuals , it is a good idea to ask parents and adult relatives to give a piece of advice .	1
1687	 Children are free	0
1688	 You hardly ever can find a person who says that he or she had unpleasant childhood .	0
1689	 When individuals reminisce their memories they absolutely infer to some of their childhood events .	0
1690	 As much as their events might were bitter , in their adulthood they are sweet .	0
1691	 In my opinion , childhood is definitely the happiest time of people life in two main areas .	1
1692	 In the first place , children are free whatever they want to do , they are not restricted and their limitation are really rare .	1
1693	 Because they are in the age of growth and they are allowed whatever they want to do to experience new stuffs .	1
1694	 Therefore there is no argument and punishment for them .	1
1695	 In addition , in this age they are not expected to be responsible .	1
1696	 Also , they do not have to educate and they do not have to work , so they have a lot of time in their hand to enjoy this stage of their life .	1
1697	 As a matter of fact , I made a large number of friends in this age , and I almost traveled to all cities of my county when I was in kindergarten .	1
1698	 Also I got familiar with different kind of animals and plants in this age .	1
1699	 All in all , I would maintain that the best phase of people life is their childhood .	1
1700	 They not only free to do whatever they want without any confine or punishment , but also they are free and have a lot of time in their hands to try and experience new things and enjoy them .	1
1701	 Concentrate on the objectives - people attend schools for various reasons	0
1702	 From many centuries ago , universities have been playing an important role in ones ' life .	0
1703	 Different people attend university for different point of views .	0
1704	 In my perspective , the three most reasons are increased knowledge , career preparation and new experiences .	1
1705	 First of all , for most people , university is an ideal place for them to develop their understanding .	1
1706	 Truthfully , in this wonderful academic environment , everyone is provided with varieties and gigantic number of information by a lot of professors and well - trained teachers .	1
1707	 Thus , people are able to strengthen their knowledge .	1
1708	 Moreover , through the instructions of teachers , the sufficient infrastructure such as laboratory , library , students is capable of doing research on every academic aspect .	1
1709	 Therefore , they can gain a deep sight into what are they studying .	1
1710	 Secondly , studying in university means that you have totally turned into a different page of your life , which included many new experiences .	0
1711	 The number of individual who enroll in university are enormous , more than any school one person have studied .	1
1712	 Thus , students are given such fantastic chance to create new and wide relationships with a lot of people from any corner of one nation , even from the whole world .	1
1713	 For instance , my brother are studying in an international university with a mixed community include Vietnam , Brazil , Argentina , etc .	1
1714	 And he told me that he is very excited for experiencing such new environment , which is one of his main purposes when attending university .	1
1715	 Last but not least , preparing for career is an essential function of university .	1
1716	 Students not only do homework , assignment and attend class but also need to participate in volunteer work , internship and part time job .	1
1717	 Thus , they can have some experiences in the outside world and discover what their life goals are .	1
1718	 After all , they know where and what to put high emphasis on in order to achieve their objectives .	1
1719	 In summation , people may attend university for various reasons .	0
1720	 Some want to enjoy new experiences , some are going to prepare for their future career , while others are eager to develop their understanding .	0
1721	 Even though the purposes could be various , everybody who is studying in university should concentrate on the objectives and try their best .	1
1722	 People are put too much focus on making wealth and progress in technology	0
1723	 The life today is totally different from half centuries before .	0
1724	 Advances in technology do help humans to solve abundant of problems ; however it also deprives of some things that we had .	0
1725	 In my opinion , life in the old days brings more happiness to people than today for several reasons .	1
1726	 The first reason is life is simple in the past .	1
1727	 Nowadays , all humans compete together .	1
1728	 Since world population getting higher , competition is getting fierce .	1
1729	 If you are not able to handle your jobs , then someone will replace you right away .	1
1730	 People need to put much more effort to keep their living condition .	1
1731	 Therefore , lives in the old days is easier than today .	1
1732	 Second , the environment today is serious damaged .	1
1733	 Looking out the windows , what I see isn ' t sky , trees or mountains , but is coldly high buildings .	1
1734	 Everyday , I walk on hard roads , breath in polluted air , and live in a limited space .	1
1735	 What ' s worse , it has been proved that living in this kind of condition will result in some mental diseases .	1
1736	 Thus , the environment our grandparents live is more comfortable than today .	1
1737	 The third reason is that the pace of life .	1
1738	 Today , we are able to read the news all over the world , to chat with people through the Internet , or to travel around the world by planes ; however , it also means that any thing happens in the world will affect our life .	1
1739	 If we cannot react properly and immediately , then we will be in a vulnerable situation .	1
1740	 We have no choice but have to live in a fast pace .	1
1741	 In conclusion , while there some people live in a pretty good condition , it is only a minority .	1
1742	 People are put too much focus on making wealth and progress in technology ; nevertheless , behind the glamorous facade of it , what we loss will never be returned .	1
1743	 Educated high - school students with bright and independent mind	0
1744	 High school is the time when you decide your future career and particular field you want to concentrate and interested in .	0
1745	 In my opinion high school should permit students to choose courses they want for several reasons which are freedom of choice , to have progress in students grades and knowledge as well as to help students explore their aptitude .	1
1746	 First of all , as I mentioned above students should have a right to choose what they want to study .	1
1747	 Not allowing students their desired subjects to be chosen is a restriction of human rights .	1
1748	 As children of independent country we should know our rights and opportunities we have in order to achieve our goals and dreams .	1
1749	 Next , students should choose their classes to have progress in their studies and grades .	1
1750	 Also , we can avoid conflicts among students and teachers which can be enjoyable and productive for both instructor and students .	1
1751	 For example , when I was taking art class everyone shared the same interests and it was easy to understand each other .	1
1752	 Giving chance students to choose their interested fields of study is merit .	1
1753	 Lastly , the most important reason I support this idea is he or she can explore in an area she / he has an aptitude .	1
1754	 When schools can give such kind of opportunity the students are likely do their best and succeed in their future lives which is one of the point most people get education .	1
1755	 Furthermore , this type of opportunities can raise future geniuses .	1
1756	 In conclusion , as a young women I want my children to get knowledge they have desire to study in order to have distinguished achievement so it has advantage not only for him or her but for society as well .	1
1757	 Having three reasons helps us to bring up students who are well - educated , with a bright and independent mind .	0
1758	 Under suitable administration , tourism enhances local economic development	0
1759	 Tourist trade is becoming a powerful engine for the economy .	0
1760	 Nevertheless , some individuals believe that this position ignores the ecological and environmental destruction , as a result of tourist activities , and its adverse effects on local communities and ecosystems .	0
1761	 While both positions seem reasonable , my view is that , through proper management and regulation , a booming tourist industry is an excellent source of economic growth and wealth for rural and urban areas .	1
1762	 The most obvious merit is that tourism can vastly boost economic development in a particular state or region .	1
1763	 This takes place , not only through direct expenditure from tourists , but also because it provides direct and indirect jobs to the community , including retail , agriculture , and in the service industry .	1
1764	 The increasing tax and the expansion of local markets for accommodation , luxury goods amongst others are also a result of a solid , well - regulated tourism programs .	1
1765	 Furthermore , tourism provides a considerable number of direct and indirect jobs to the community , including retail , hotels , transport , agriculture , and in the service industry .	1
1766	 This increase of job opportunities allows more people to make significant contribution to society through the purchasing of commodities by their growing incomes .	1
1767	 As a result , this gives energy to the economic cycle , generating local economic prosperity in return .	1
1768	 Some people may oppose these , citing the environmental and cultural destruction caused by tourism .	1
1769	 In fact , compared to the tourism industry , other alternatives , like resource extraction and manufacture , are far worse destroyers .	1
1770	 For instance , paper mills pour hundreds and thousands of tons of contamination into rivers , causing severe water pollution .	1
1771	 On the other hand , the dramatic majority of tourist , particularly those who tend to spending a wealth of time and money locating and visiting rustic villages , are well educated .	1
1772	 It is illogical to believe that these rational folks will not conduct themselves decently if required to do so .	1
1773	 After careful consideration of both sides of the argument , the tourism sector is desirable for its important socioeconomic advantages .	1
1774	 In conclusion , it is evident that under suitable administration , the benefits of tourism outweigh its drawbacks .	1
1775	 The government should allocate more funds to public services instead of arts	0
1776	 The issue of governmental financing provision to aesthetic features in the society has sparked a heated debate .	0
1777	 While some argue that the budget allocation to the arts is waste of national resources and the money should instead be spent on public services , I contend that this investment in field of the arts would be in the best interest of a society .	1
1778	 First of all , there is no doubt that governments are liable for providing societies with appropriate public services and adequate facilities in an efficient way .	1
1779	 Admittedly , no one should suffer from any sort of deficiency in field of health , education , transportation and communication .	1
1780	 However , these could only help individuals with their physical requirements .	1
1781	 There is also a burden on the government to highly concern about the people mental health initiatives which would be unconsciously or sensibly provided by the arts .	1
1782	 On top of this , the arts play a pivotal role in all - round development of a society .	1
1783	 No developed country could be named that music , painting , literature and other fields of arts are out of its government consideration .	1
1784	 Enriching people ' s life and enlightening their thoughts , the arts basically affect the enhancement of societies in many positive ways .	1
1785	 Furthermore , investing in art could bring employment opportunities and could end in return of capital occasionally .	1
1786	 The investment could be paid back through the values of the created works of art which as a matter of fact should be considered as national possessions .	1
1787	 To sum up , not only could investing in art be considered as wasting money at any kind , but also it would enriches the culture of the society and governments and individuals would benefit from it in multiple ways .	1
1788	 People are now more conscious to gain more educational qualification	0
1789	 The career itself became the motto of living since the beginning of industrialization in the late 19th century .	0
1790	 People usually tend to have a single career as a means of living .	0
1791	 However , a modern trend reveals that new generations are more interested to perform several jobs and also would like to gain multiple higher educational certificates in order to earn more and to gain financial security .	0
1792	 A full time job with a steady income was enough for a potential employee to support himself and his family .	1
1793	 But with the recent recession , almost all the countries all over the world are seeing significant economic downfall .	1
1794	 This overwhelming crisis is prompting delayering and reduction of workers .	1
1795	 As a result , people are focusing on doing several jobs or gaining further qualification to secure their economic condition .	1
1796	 Moreover , the arrival of technology has also been playing a major role promoting further unemployment .	1
1797	 The official term of it is named Technological Unemployment .	0
1798	 North American economists have published reports after scrutinizing the recent American economic situation that , technology is eliminating more jobs than creating one .	1
1799	 For example , robots , automation and softwares are taking over manual human workers professions such as clerks , interpreters , security services , retails and specially in manufacturing companies .	1
1800	 Thus many people ' s jobs are now at high stake .	1
1801	 The best way to ensure a flexible earning is getting more jobs .	1
1802	 Last but not least , corporational policy to to pay less to inferiors is another reason that drives labours to work on different sectors .	1
1803	 For the reasons mentioned above , I believe that people are now more conscious to gain more educational qualification and also are more interested to work on various fields simultaneously to earn more and support themselves .	1
1804	 Nowadays human activities are influenced by computer use	0
1805	 Computer is a modern device that is useful for human life .	0
1806	 People use computer particularly for work , study , even for communication .	0
1807	 However , many people argue that computer more give obstacle than a help in social life .	0
1808	 Other sides believe that it becomes prominent thing , and they cannot do anything without that device .	0
1809	 However , I strongly believe that computer can influence society , and people ' s lives have already been controlled by device .	1
1810	 I would argue that this modern device has been a major hindrance to some people .	1
1811	 A study conducted by Mediabank shows that majority of Australian adults do not socialize with their families and friends as much as they used to , due to the fact that they spend almost nine hours a day dealing with computers as to produce efficient time in working .	1
1812	 As it can be seen from the example , the idea that computers could be a help has been neglected .	1
1813	 However , using computer can make people easier to complete their work .	1
1814	 Businessmen , for example , use computer device to presentation or communication with their colleagues .	1
1815	 Communication by feature - computer such as email and internet help busy businessmen to make deal with relation even in different country .	1
1816	 This is due to using computer more efficient and , many workers cannot do more in work without computer .	1
1817	 In conclusion , in era technology like this age , computer becomes important thing in human life .	1
1818	 Every day , people cannot pass the day without stay in front of computer or using it .	1
1819	 This situation becomes lifestyle habits , and nowadays human activities are influenced by computer use .	1
1820	 Qualification is still the fundamental determinant of an employee ' s competency of their jobs	0
1821	 With the increased educational level of workforce , there are growing number of employers seeking criteria other than qualifications such as social skills in their employee selection process .	0
1822	 However , some employers still believe that qualifications should be the most paramount criterion .	0
1823	 The essay intends to explore both sides of arguments and also present my own opinion .	0
1824	 Firstly , some people suggest that qualification should be the foremost measurement to determine the value of a employer .	1
1825	 It is of importance that workers should be well educated and trained to perform duties of their job .	1
1826	 Specifically , people who work in professional fields such as medicals are required to have a university degree and years of experience .	1
1827	 Social skills seem to be less important as they cannot contribute to the success of a surgery .	1
1828	 On the other hand , it is no doubt that the importance of social skills have been recognized by increasing number of employers .	1
1829	 It is because people nowadays are required to work as a team in their jobs frequently .	1
1830	 Interpersonal skill plays an essential role in helping colleagues to cooperate with each other , especially when conflicts arise .	1
1831	 Better social skills allow them to resolve disagreements in a much more harmony way .	1
1832	 Besides , organization have been transformed to customers oriented .	1
1833	 Excellent social skills can help employees maintain strong relationship with their clients which thus lead to a better customer satisfaction .	1
1834	 To my view , I incline to believe qualification is still the fundamental determinant of an employee ' s competency of their jobs .	1
1835	 Yet , the importance of social skills should not be neglected as those skills can help one to perform their job effectiveness and efficiency by facilitating interaction and communication with others .	1
1836	 International aid	0
1837	 The world has become more prosperous than ever yet a great number of people are still living in poverty or suffering by wars or disasters .	0
1838	 Charity organisations have been playing an important role to provide support to those people .	0
1839	 However , it is controversial whether the help should go to the people who need it most or the citizens of the country where the charity organisations are located .	0
1840	 My view is that international aid should be prioritised .	1
1841	 International aid is critical because people from other countries may be facing much more serious problems .	1
1842	 Many people , for example in some African countries , are living below the basic standards .	1
1843	 They lack food , water or clothes which keep them warm , not to mention the education needs .	1
1844	 What is worse , people who live in countries that are confronted with wars or natural disasters are facing even more severe issues such as security , homelessness or the pain of losing best friends or family members .	1
1845	 It is clear that those people are in desperate need of international support .	1
1846	 Despite the importance of helping those beyond our national borders , it is reasonable to lend a hand to our fellow citizens .	1
1847	 After all , charity organisations are mainly funded by the home country thus there is a high demand that the money should be spent in the place where it is collected .	1
1848	 Another reason is that , even within the most developed countries , there are still poor people who lack their basic needs .	1
1849	 By solving the problems in the home country , it is beneficial for social stability and steady economic growth .	1
1850	 In conclusion , people from unfortunate countries need more international assistance while helping citizens in the home country is also necessary .	1
1851	 Popular events are essential	0
1852	 A world sportive competition event is watched by almost every country around the world and provide social stimulus and people gathering .	0
1853	 However , while people view these sportive events as vital in release international problems , others think that they are just entertainment to distract people .	0
1854	 I believe that they are important somehow , but not essential .	1
1855	 As a matter of fact , world sport events provide positive waves for number of people .	1
1856	 The main purpose of such competitions is to enjoy and share emotions between supporters though their favorite team .	1
1857	 These emotions are shared locally in our village or city , nationally in our own country but even internationally too .	1
1858	 Obviously these events gather people and their nationalist pride feeling is increased .	1
1859	 For example , the football world cup taking place every four years is a very followed event during which everyone is having fun .	1
1860	 Moreover , these sports events are not essential in other issues such as politics or other international affairs .	1
1861	 Thus , if the general atmosphere during the show is peaceful and fraternal , the reality is different .	1
1862	 In other words , this is the calm before the storm .	0
1863	 After the Olympics games are finished , everything came back to normal and all the game competition is forgotten by the majority .	1
1864	 To picture it , recently , Putin was pleased to open the last winter Olympic games and gather international countries , but actually it has been just facade and Putin didn ' t listen international warning after he conquered the Crimea .	1
1865	 Finally , an international sports event is a very good thing to gather people , let them dream , being proud of their nationality and forget problems , but just for a while .	1
1866	 These meetings are in none case here to interact with international affairs .	1
1867	 Distance - learning cannot bring the benefits that traditional colleges offer	0
1868	 With the tremendous development in information technology , long - distance education enables people to study at home without going to school .	0
1869	 Whether this teaching approach is more beneficial to pupils than the traditional way sparks off a heated debate .	0
1870	 From my perspective , I agree with the view that students can acquire more benefits from the remote education .	1
1871	 To begin with , studying at home save the pupils enormous time and considerable expense .	1
1872	 Students who use distance - learning programs can cut down their commuting time , tuition fees , textbook fees and so forth just by an internet connection .	1
1873	 This especially makes a significant difference for the children who live in the far - off countryside and the children whose families are living below the poverty - line .	1
1874	 Besides that , long - distance education provides students the opportunity to access the immense knowledge resources and a variety of teaching approaches .	1
1875	 Pupils can obtain materials for their curricula just by one mouse click , such as science reports , study posts , documentary records , etc .	1
1876	 A student can even select a specific online course based on his own preference and time schedule so he can control the learning progress and make satisfactory achievement on this course .	1
1877	 It is undeniable that traditional education has its advantages in face - to - face communication , mental inspiration and physical educations .	1
1878	 These make remarkable contributions in providing immediate feedbacks and cultivating pupils ' personalities .	1
1879	 But with the improvements in streaming and sensor technologies , remote education can eliminate the obstacles of distance and body contacts .	1
1880	 In conclusion , I concede that traditional education has some merits like feedbacks and inspirations that cannot be replaced in the near future .	1
1881	 However , distance - learning outweighs the conventional way not only with its efficiency , convenience and economic value , but also with the self - regulated education that pupils can study on their own purpose .	1
1882	 More convincing	0
1883	 There is a hotly debated issue over whether face - to - face communication is better than other kinds of communication , and this topic can also be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .	0
1884	 Some people tend to believe that communication in person is the best way of expression , while others seem to stand on the opposite position .	0
1885	 After deeply pondering over this issue , I also develop my own perspective .	0
1886	 I favor the former ; that is , I agree that face - to - face communication is better .	1
1887	 The first and foremost reason lies in the inevitable fact that communicating in person can be more convincing .	1
1888	 Sometimes , face - to face communication can lead us to convince or complain someone successfully , and a fitting example can be found from my uncle .	1
1889	 He once complained a service of a restaurant .	1
1890	 Without exaggeration , he directly went to the boss and told the boss that something wrong occurred on the meal - - a fly concealed in it .	1
1891	 Afterward , my uncle acquired a new service thanks to face - to face communication .	1
1892	 If he just wrote something to complain on the website or by telephone , I do not think this problem would be thought important .	1
1893	 Therefore , we can commence to agree that communicating with someone in person is the best way .	1
1894	 Apart from the one I have mentioned above , another equally crucible aspect is that it is easy to be deceived without face - to face communication .	1
1895	 For instance , I had received some harmful words on facebook from my best friend , Eric .	1
1896	 He said that I was totally failed in building a good friendship and he did not want to be one of my friends anymore .	1
1897	 I just shocked and did not know what happened .	1
1898	 Finally , I realized that his facebook account was stolen .	1
1899	 Hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that it is important to talk to people face - to - face .	1
1900	 Admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some dissidents proclaiming that communication by letters , email , or telephone can enable them to talk without scruple , which is also one of the most important parts in communication .	1
1901	 However , from my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying .	0
1902	 It is conceivable that before we talk , it is necessary for us to be imprudent about our words .	1
1903	 Talking without scruple is not the indispensable part in communication ; in contrast , it is usually detrimental to us .	1
1904	 Based on the reasons demonstrated above , I prefer to express my opinion in person because the advantages of this are qualitatively greater than that of the opposite .	1
1905	 In other words , I think the best way of communication is by means of face - to - face .	1
1906	 It is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .	0
1907	 Still , I am firmly convinced that the reasons I proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .	0
1908	 Successful people do something new or take risks	0
1909	 There is a hotly debated issue over whether successful people usually take risk or try new things , and the topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .	0
1910	 Some people tend to believe that to be successful , they should do something they are unfamiliar with , while others seem to stand on the opposite place .	0
1911	 After deeply pondering over this issue , I develop my own perspective as well .	0
1912	 I favor the latter ; that is , successful people still do things they already know .	1
1913	 The first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that to be successful , we all try to reduce the risk we might encounter .	1
1914	 The lower the factors making us fail we have , the higher probability to success we own .	1
1915	 Consider a circumstance in which one person is rich because he knows a lot of knowledge of investment .	1
1916	 He can focus on certain companies which he thinks is worth it to invest , and then just waits for the not so high but constant income .	1
1917	 He does not have to invest some dangerous companies to get higher profit which might lead him to bankrupt in a short time .	1
1918	 Therefore , we can commence to agree that successful people do not have to try new things or take risks .	1
1919	 Moreover , another equally crucial aspect is that it depends on the capability of one to decide whether he can succeed or not .	1
1920	 At least , a successful person should be able to dismantle the hurdles prohibiting him to success .	1
1921	 For instance , the sports stars do not have to take some drugs to win a game or show their extraordinary skills .	1
1922	 The same reason why they succeed is that they all have the predominated abilities in sports realm .	1
1923	 In contrast , those athletes try to have distinctive performance by taking risks of taking drugs are failed to succeed .	1
1924	 Hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that it is not necessary for successful people to take risks .	1
1925	 Admittedly , on the other hands , there might be some dissidents proclaiming that doing something new is necessary for people to success because they can become different from others , which is also a widely accepted idea for success .	1
1926	 However , according to my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence .	0
1927	 Try something new can indeed make people become special , while it does not mean successful .	1
1928	 Based on the reasons demonstrated above , I believe that doing what we already known can still leads us to succeed because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the opposite .	1
1929	 In other words , reducing risks and enhancing individual ' s capability is the most important path to success .	0
1930	 It is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .	0
1931	 Still , I am firmly convinced that the reasons I have proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .	0
1932	 University education should be only available for good students	0
1933	 The purpose of education is always a controversial topic among people and society , especially in high level such as college or university .	0
1934	 Some people think that all students should deserve to be educated at this level .	0
1935	 However , in my opinion , it should be better to leave this type of type of training for a certain group of good , knowledgeable learners .	1
1936	 First , focusing only on talented students is a better option because it helps academic institutions maintain their high education quality .	1
1937	 Unlike middle school or high school , university and college require far a lot of ability and skills to keep up with an enormous amount of complex knowledge .	1
1938	 In fact , some students may be capable in high schools , but the pressure of higher education is tough even for talented ones .	1
1939	 That explains why it is only suitable for a limited people , and opening up for everyone will be fatal for institutions , since they need to somehow lower the materials so that it is practical for everyone .	1
1940	 Secondly , university should only accept good students because it gives better human resources for sophisticated purposes .	1
1941	 Some people argue that this may lead to ' social division ' , when someone with high education refuses to do the called ' low jobs ' , but actually it gives no harm to the whole community .	1
1942	 Those standard jobs will always be available for everyone , while complex ones should be only handled by the best people , who start their career from the best institutions .	1
1943	 I think limiting the number of people who can be admitted by universities is a good choice since it will reward the motivation of students and constantly keep them in the difficult level of learning , which makes them do the best to improve themselves .	1
1944	 Ultimately , this improves the overall quality of education and gives the best people to serve in the most necessary needs of the society .	1
1945	 To sum thing up , I agree that everyone should have a compulsory education level up to high school , but the above divisions should be only the realm of the best students .	1
1946	 This will improve the quality of both universities and students , thus placing people in positions which suit them most .	1
1947	 Improving facilities is the best way	0
1948	 There is a hotly debated issue over whether universities should spend money on improving facilities is more than hiring famous teachers , and this topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .	0
1949	 Some people tend to prefer that schools should invest in renewing facilities , while other seem to believe that famous teachers is more conducive to students .	0
1950	 After deeply pondering over this issue , I develop my own perspective as well .	0
1951	 I favor the former ; that is , I prefer to spend money on improving facilities .	1
1952	 The first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that the more advanced facilities we have , the more chances we can increase our knowledge .	1
1953	 For example , library is a good place for students to study or research .	1
1954	 They can concentrate on the subjects with a tranquil ambience ; also , there are a lot of references for students to utilize .	1
1955	 With this convenient and versatile facility , students can improve their learning condition .	1
1956	 Therefore , we can commence to agree that certain facilities are beneficial to students .	1
1957	 Moreover , another equally crucial aspect is that students are not always staying in classrooms .	1
1958	 They have numerous activities in school .	1
1959	 Consider a circumstance in which a student who is a member of jazz ensemble in their school .	1
1960	 He must need a better auditorium for him to have an extraordinary performance .	1
1961	 With this distinguished performance , the student would acquire an unforgettable and valuable experience burring deeply in his mind .	1
1962	 Hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that students would prefer school to spending on improving facilities .	1
1963	 Admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some people proclaiming that schools should spend money on hiring prestigious teachers because they can impart their students well .	1
1964	 However , according to my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence .	0
1965	 A student is good or not do not depend on whether he has a good teacher but is decided by his effort on study .	1
1966	 It is useless to hire a super famous teacher to teach those who behaviors as sluggards .	1
1967	 Based on the reasons demonstrate above , I believe that improving facilities is the best way for school because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the other .	1
1968	 In other words , students can procure more advantages from better facilities .	1
1969	 It is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .	0
1970	 Still , I an firmly convinced that the reasons I have proposed in favor of my sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .	0
1971	 High schools must be responsible for their future with well - planned curriculum	0
1972	 Some people state that high schools should allow students to study what they want to .	0
1973	 They believe this motivates students to study .	0
1974	 I think , however , students should study a broad range of subjects from literature to mathematics .	1
1975	 I believe that tertiary education should make students prepare for specialization at university .	1
1976	 In addition , it should be to some extent paternalistic to prevent students from avoiding hurdles .	1
1977	 To begin with , students have to find one or more fields of study in which they are really interested .	1
1978	 They should not decide their future major without trying a broad range of subjects , otherwise they might miss valuable encounter with the subject .	1
1979	 For instance , a would - be mathematician student may be strongly intrigued by philosophy and make a success in the field .	1
1980	 Next , students should obtain knowledge from a variety of academic fields .	1
1981	 General education plays a significant role in specialized education .	1
1982	 Science today , for example , is said to be more and more specialized , but in order to solve a problem scientists have to combine knowledge from chemistry to physics .	1
1983	 In addition , although textbooks used in higher education are labelled particular subjects , in fact they require basic understanding of other subjects .	1
1984	 For instance , you sometimes need knowledge about physics to read a text on chemistry .	1
1985	 Therefore , high school students should learn broadly and prepare future learning at university .	1
1986	 Last but not least , students have tendency to shun difficulties .	1
1987	 They might avoid tough courses , but instead attend mainly Mickey Mouse courses and enjoy themselves too much .	1
1988	 This might result in limited choices in the future .	1
1989	 Therefore , schools should be responsible for their future and protect them .	1
1990	 In summary , students should find interesting subjects and acquire general knowledge to prepare higher education at tertiary education .	1
1991	 Besides , high school must be responsible for their future with well - planned curriculum .	0
1992	 The importance of games for adults comparing to children	0
1993	 As people grow up , the arguments about the importance of games arise .	0
1994	 Some people think that , adults need playing games as children do .	0
1995	 However , in my opinion , games are no longer too important for them for several reasons .	1
1996	 The first reason is that games become unnecessary for people when their careers begin .	1
1997	 Someone may argue that games help adults relax and become more balanced in life .	1
1998	 But , more often , the pressure of work and family commitment force them to abandon their lifelong hobbies , and as a result , they cannot spend enough time and effort to their favorite games as they did in 15 or 20 years ago .	1
1999	 For example , in my country , except for a minor part of professional athletes , the majority of people stop playing games seriously as soon as they find a decent job .	1
2000	 They often feel that such games become more troublesome than enjoyable for their daily lives .	1
2001	 Another reason should be mentioned is that adults often do not pursue games as a competitive activity , while children are always keen on competition and winning .	1
2002	 For youngsters , maintaining their desire to win often develops many outstanding characteristics whether they participate sport events or not .	1
2003	 For example , my younger sister likes fencing , and thanks to her desire to win , she never gives up when facing a difficult situation , or even becoming hurt .	1
2004	 On the other hand , adults often consider such behaviors as childish and drop them immediately .	1
2005	 In fact , a competitive person usually finds it difficult to cooperate with friends and colleagues .	1
2006	 Because of that , they no longer play games for any moderate achievements , and gradually lose their interest in such activities .	1
2007	 To sum up , I think adults do need to play games , but their styles are often distinct from children ' s , which are often less competitive and more enjoyable .	1
2008	 Along with the high requirement for family and work , games are just some leisure activities for adults , not something necessary as they are meant to be for children .	1
2009	 Opinions regarding world culture	0
2010	 There are many different opinions regarding world culture .	0
2011	 Some people think that all the countries in the world cannot have a single culture .	0
2012	 However , in my view , a single modern culture is being created by modern technology for the following reasons .	1
2013	 Firstly , most of the countries have the same educational system based on technology .	1
2014	 Teachers give topics to the students who should research on the internet to find data , and then students should type their research by using computer and even give a presentation by using PowerPoint .	1
2015	 For example , students who are studying in Iran use the same software , Microsoft , to type their homework or have presentation compared to Canadian students .	1
2016	 Secondly , new technology has created some similar jobs all around the world .	1
2017	 Computer technology is a growing job in most of the countries , and students are being encouraged to study in this field .	1
2018	 For example , many immigrants in Canada who have the degree in computer technology fields can easily go to Canadian universities and find jobs with good salaries .	1
2019	 This example shows that jobs that are related to technology are in demand in most of the countries .	1
2020	 Some people might argue that there are some cultures such as making foods which are unicq in each culture , and technology cannot affect them .	1
2021	 This point has some merits on the surface ; however , many countries such as Canada , the USA , and British have many restaurants which serve many foods form different countries and cultures .	1
2022	 In fact , cooks can find many new food recipes easily on the Internet .	1
2023	 For example , two days ago , I went to a Canadian restaurant , and I ate noodle , sushi , which are Chinese foods , and Greek salad .	1
2024	 To sum up , new technology has affected cultures of the world , and we can see many similarities in many cultures .	1
2025	 In fact , new technology has influences on educational system , jobs and foods in the world .	1
2026	 Reading fictions is more pleasant	0
2027	 There are many different opinions regarding hobbies .	0
2028	 Some people would rather watch TV .	0
2029	 However , in my view , reading fiction is more enjoyable than watching movies for the following reasons .	1
2030	 Firstly , fiction books pay more attention to details .	1
2031	 In fact , we can know characters , places , and times of a novel very well during reading it .	1
2032	 Most of the novels describe not only main characters but also other people in the novels , where each scene is happening .	1
2033	 For example , after I read animal farms which is a story of Russian revolution , I could understand the leaders and different segments of the Russian people .	1
2034	 However , a movie just gives us a very small review of its stories and characters .	1
2035	 Secondly , reading a novel is more convenient .	1
2036	 Some novels have around 100 pages and readers cannot finish them in just one hour .	1
2037	 Yet these people can continue to read their novels wherever they find free time such as in bus or trains .	1
2038	 For example , I have started to read a novel since last week .	1
2039	 I do not have enough time to read a novel in one day , so I usually read it when I am coming home from English class .	1
2040	 In contrast , I cannot watch a complete movie because I can just sit in front of TV for 15 minutes and after that , I have to study .	1
2041	 Some people might argue that people enjoy watching TV when they know they can learn many things such as learning a language by watching movies .	1
2042	 This point has some merits on the surface ; however , movies are not a good idea to learn a language for beginners since characters in movies speak very fast and unclear for language learners .	1
2043	 For these learners it is better to start by reading some novels which are more comprehensible and enjoyable .	1
2044	 To sum up , reading fictions is more pleasant because these books have more depth , are much easier to use , and more useful for language learners .	1
2045	 Various local languages are becoming extinct	0
2046	 Today , English is commonly used language across the world .	0
2047	 Its usage is increasing day by day .	0
2048	 As a consequence , various local languages are becoming extinct .	0
2049	 Some people argue that , this is a positive change and would help people to easily communicate .	0
2050	 While there are others who disagree with this and are more concerned about dying local languages .	0
2051	 In my opinion , I believe using single language through out the world is a positive change which is helping the world to become a better place to live .	1
2052	 A world with fewer languages helps us interact with each other in a better way .	1
2053	 Due to globalization , many people are traveling for professional trips .	1
2054	 So , communicating in single language will reduce the problems of travelers in daily activities like ordering food in a restaurant or in going around places .	1
2055	 Furthermore , students who migrate for better education would not have to go through lot of stress as they can easily make new friends and can be part of any discussions which is otherwise not possible in a world with multiple languages ; this in turn makes it easy to adjust in new environment .	1
2056	 Single language also reduces misunderstandings between people .	1
2057	 Adding to that , exchange of knowledge in different sectors of research like electronics , medical , astronomy etc would become easier .	1
2058	 On the other hand , few people are worried about the dying local languages .	1
2059	 These languages are the basis for the origination and initial communication between different cultures .	1
2060	 They represent local culture .	1
2061	 As the usage of these languages decrease , culture also changes accordingly .	1
2062	 Further , these languages are tightly coupled with history ; all the olden day literature and scripts will be impossible to decipher if these languages are lost .	1
2063	 To conclude , I believe change is inevitable and that usage of one language across the world is a positive one .	1
2064	 We have to accept these changes for a world to be a better place .	0
2065	 Communication in single language would improve the productivity of the world and brings everyone on to the same page .	1
2066	 Higher school students should be taught how to manage money	0
2067	 There is no doubt that money has become key ingredient in various walks of our life than before .	0
2068	 Teaching financial management to juvenile students is always a topic of debate .	0
2069	 Some people feel that teaching money management skill to teenage students will help them realise the importance of money , while few feel that exposing children to money math at this age may turn fatal .	0
2070	 In my view , I agree to that fact that higher school students should be made aware of the money management .	1
2071	 The reason why I think teenage students need to understand the money management basics is , primarily when secondary school students attain the age of undergoing graduation , students ought to stay in hostels or with friends and away from family , during such situations when money management is taught at an early age students will have increased sense of responsibility and confidence .	1
2072	 For example , while I was a kid my father used to maintain expense log for the month , I was asked to do the same for my keep track of my pocket money expenses , during my future course of life this became a practice and helped me in planning my expenses .	1
2073	 In addition , if financial management is taught at an early age , students will have better sense of understanding of their family financial background and status , students coming up with unrealistic whims and fancies are minimized .	1
2074	 For example , buying a gaming console may not be a big deal for a student from an affluent financial background .	1
2075	 However , for a student coming from middle class buying a gaming console may not be the need of the hour .	1
2076	 Hence , having exposed to money management at a high school level will help them in prioritizing the financial commitments efficiently .	1
2077	 In conclusion , I think students understanding the money management techniques will have more positive effects than negative impact .	1
2078	 However , the teaching should be in a constructive manner and students should not feel that they are being bullied for every expense .	0
2079	 Smoking should not be permitted in restaurants	0
2080	 Generally speaking , smoking is never been good for human ' s body .	0
2081	 There are so many researches done to prove that a cigar contains harmful ingredients for human ' s body .	0
2082	 Although many smokers claim that they need to smoke in order to work more effectively or to think more creatively , those reasons never proves that smoking has any benefits for human ' s body .	0
2083	 In my opinion , smoking should not be permitted , especially in public places like restaurants because it will make the non - smokers breathe uncomfortably .	1
2084	 First of all , restaurants are places where people come and pay some money to enjoy their meals .	1
2085	 Smoking in restaurants will absolutely disturb other people in enjoying their meals .	1
2086	 They will not be able to enjoy their meals while breathing in smoke around them .	1
2087	 Secondly , restaurants are places that people usually come with their families .	1
2088	 This means , there will be children , grandparents , as well as pregnant women inside the restaurants .	1
2089	 Smoking in restaurants can give a bad example to the children .	1
2090	 Children have a high potential to imitate what adults do because they have really high curiosity towards something .	1
2091	 Smoking in restaurants also can affect the elders ' health , especially if they have problems with their hearts and lungs .	1
2092	 The most dangerous people that would be affected by smoke are the pregnant women because they will breathe in the contaminated air and it will disrupt the growth of the babies .	1
2093	 Last but not least , passive smokers will have a lot of health risks .	1
2094	 When they are around the active smokers , they will inhale hazardous smoke .	1
2095	 Stroke , heart disorders , hearing loss , and cancers are some diseases that can attack passive smokers .	1
2096	 Personally speaking , it is unfair for passive smokers because they do not smoke but they have same health risks as the active one .	1
2097	 In conclusion , smoking should not be permitted in restaurants because there will be a lot of people get disadvantaged .	1
2098	 State laws that prohibit it should be upheld so the restaurant ' management can make a clear rule in their restaurants because everyone has a right to enjoy their meals .	0
2099	 Gossip - based information	0
2100	 Nowadays information plays an important role in our world .	0
2101	 It has become a product , which can be sold , bought , or stolen .	0
2102	 Some people say : information is power .	1
2103	 That ' s why it is so important to be well - informed .	0
2104	 I consider the statement above to be right for several reasons .	0
2105	 The first reason is that by using different sources of information we can guarantee its reliability .	1
2106	 Some people may disinform you on purpose , that ' s why it is rather unwise to make conclusions before you are confident of the information .	1
2107	 For example , Russian news announced that the war between Osetia and Georgia had been initiated by Georgia , however , european news announced that it was initiated by Russia .	1
2108	 After a while the situation became clear , but before that a lot of people had already condemned the actions of Russia .	1
2109	 Secondly , it is very important to know facts about some events or problem , not only estimations , because it can help you to make your own conclusion or estimate .	1
2110	 Sometimes it can be really difficult to find out the facts , especially in the internet , that ' s why you have to look through different sources before you manage to find some reliable facts .	1
2111	 It is possible to make a wrong decision because you have just used someone ' s personal opinion as a source of information , but it was actually wrong .	1
2112	 For example , several years ago in Moscow salt became two times more expensive only in one week , because people thought that soon there would be no salt in the shops .	1
2113	 The gossip - based information dramatically influenced the prices and only after official announcement the salt - panic was over .	1
2114	 To conclude , I want to say that it is very important to be confident of the information , which you use , especially when your conclusion or decision may have a great influence .	1
2115	 Old buildings should be preserved	0
2116	 The preservation of old buildings always is a large question for governments because conflict between the issues of housing for citizens and the protection of our culture .	0
2117	 In my opinion , all of the old building which contribute to our sense of culture should be conserved .	1
2118	 There are different reasons which persuade that people should not restore old buildings .	0
2119	 As a result of the rapid urbanization process , in which rural people must go to urban centers to look for job opportunities , the question of the preservation of old buildings has become more pressing .	1
2120	 Because of that need , governments can construct more accommodation instead of preserving old buildings .	1
2121	 Besides that , the preservation is very expensive because all components of old buildings have historical values .	1
2122	 Old buildings are an essential part of history .	1
2123	 Tourist often decide to discover the culture of a country when they visit through those old buildings .	1
2124	 Therefore , managers of cities can earn more money from the attraction provided by old buildings and that amount can be spent on their conservation .	1
2125	 Furthermore , the preservation of old buildings is also a ways to conserve our culture and everyone can learn much from them .	1
2126	 Old buildings should be used as the culture museums and provide accommodation with more convenient for people who live there .	1
2127	 . Many cities have development strategies as a city contains both unique and modern beauty , and that preservation help to finish half of work .	1
2128	 Overall , both of those view have strong arguments : the need for housing or the expense of restoration contrast with our desire to conserve culture and attract tourism .	0
2129	 So I think we should restore those building because old buildings process the most outstanding feature of areas which contain them .	1
2130	 Leisure activities - Spend your free time outdoors or indoors .	0
2131	 People often relax themselves by joining leisure activities .	0
2132	 Some people prefer to spend their free time indoors .	0
2133	 But from my experience , I myself prefer to spend my leisure time outdoors because I strongly feel that it is good for health and keep my body fit .	1
2134	 Also , outdoor activities enable me to socialize with other people and enjoy natural beauty .	1
2135	 There are strong advantages to spend leisure time outdoors .	0
2136	 One benefit is that doing outdoor activities such as soccer and baseball is good for one ' s health .	1
2137	 For instance , last year , I spent my summer time playing soccer and baseball .	1
2138	 Playing baseball provided my upper body for hitting and throwing .	1
2139	 Soccer , on the other hand , developed my lower body for kicking and endurance for playing full 90 - minute - games .	1
2140	 I belive that practicing these sports helped me greatly .	1
2141	 Something else that is good is that playing these sports is to keep my body fit , make me ultimately refreshed .	1
2142	 After that summer , my body is stronger and endurance is better .	1
2143	 Outdoor activities not only improves my health but also gives me chances to communicate with more people .	1
2144	 When I was ten years old , I was a shy girl .	1
2145	 My mother took me to The National Camp .	1
2146	 At first , I just ate and played alone .	1
2147	 But on the third day , while I was swimming , a friendly girl came and greeted me , we became friend later and she taught me how to swim effectively .	1
2148	 On the next day , we played together and she introduced me to her friends .	1
2149	 Thanks to her and outdoor activities such as going skiing , climbing the mountain , I had a lot of friends since The National Camp .	1
2150	 If , for example , I hadn ' t participate in that camping , I wouldn ' t have had many friends like today .	1
2151	 Moreover , you can also enjoy the beautiful nature when doing some outdoor activities like going hiking , sunbathing , going biking .	1
2152	 If you spend your spare time at home or something like that , you can ' t enjoy beautiful nature .	1
2153	 Spending time outdoors , people can breathe fresh air , feel the warm sun on their face and enjoy the complete peace that only nature brings .	1
2154	 Admittedly , indoor activities are fun .	1
2155	 There ' s no doubt that indoor activities like reading a book , watching TV or listening to music can bring us lots of joy .	1
2156	 Although I can also have fun in indoor activities , this advantage cannot outweigh the attractions coming from outdoor activities .	1
2157	 After all , people are people and we have our own propensity .	0
2158	 Leisure activities are one of them and I myself choose outdoor activities to spend my leisure time .	1
2159	 Attending university classes should be required or optional	0
2160	 Attending university ' s classes is one of activities that students have to do .	0
2161	 However , class is not the only source of knowledge .	0
2162	 Students also learn from other sources such as experience , libraries and other people .	0
2163	 I think going to classes should be optional for students for the following reasons .	1
2164	 Firstly , the reason why university students should not be required to attend class is sometimes the students in the university can learn better from other sources outside the class room .	1
2165	 Student can also study by themselves in the library and focus on only the topic they do not understand .	1
2166	 For example , I have a close friend who was in the same department with me in the university .	1
2167	 She learned quickly and understood everything in class so fast .	1
2168	 Thus , she rarely went to class but spent most time to understand confusing topic .	1
2169	 Finally , she got very good grade when she was graduation .	1
2170	 Secondly , students should not be required to attend classes because they can manage the time spending on classes to do other benefit things if they already understand topic in the class very well .	1
2171	 In my experience , many times I did not attend biology class because my university does not require the students to attend classes .	1
2172	 Also , I had already studied all biology topics before attending university .	1
2173	 As a result , I spent the time of biology class to do my Chemistry research and got A + for both biology and chemistry .	1
2174	 In conclusion , I think the students should know what activities they should do at the time and have good management for their learning time .	1
2175	 Also , they have to know how to deal with the effects from not attending classes .	0
2176	 So that , attending classes in the university will not be required to the students anymore .	1
2177	 Small town vs . Big city ( opportunities , entertainment , job places )	0
2178	 In a few years I will finish my studying in the university and I will have to decide whether to live in a small town or a big city .	0
2179	 As I am eager to get a good job and explore different places , I think I would prefer to live in a city .	1
2180	 Big city life provides many opportunities .	1
2181	 First of all , it will be easier for me to find an engineering job in the city .	1
2182	 Electrical engineering deals with problems concerning electricity supply .	1
2183	 Therefore , a big city can offer me many more vacancies than a small town .	1
2184	 At the weekends , there is a great number of things to do in the metropolis .	1
2185	 There are numerous bars , cafes and restaurants where I can go with my friends .	1
2186	 Multinational cities have restaurants with different national cuisines .	1
2187	 I am fond of Italian food , and if there is an Italian restaurant in the city , I will definitely visit it .	1
2188	 A night club is an interesting place to visit for young people .	1
2189	 There a person can listen to music , make new friends or enjoy a a drink alone .	1
2190	 Cultural life of a metropolis is always an entertaining one .	1
2191	 I am keen on museums and it would be a pleasure for me to spend several hours a week in front of famous paintings , sculptures or artifacts .	1
2192	 On special dates , city offers free exhibitions which are available for everyone who is interested in art .	1
2193	 What ' s more , cities have better medical facilities than in the countryside .	1
2194	 This can at least assure me that if I feel bad , city can provide a high quality help .	1
2195	 In conclusion , while small towns have picturesque nature and pure air , big cities offer countless amount of opportunities and entertainment places .	1
2196	 Considering all the benefits , I would choose to live in a big city .	1
2197	 Computers have made life easier	0
2198	 The advent of the computer is one of the results of the development of the advantaged technology .	0
2199	 While some people advocate for the idea that computers have made life more complex and stressful , others support the idea that computers have made life easier and more convenient .	0
2200	 In my point of view , computers brought convenience and easiness to our life since they enabled easier access to information and increased qualities of the communication .	1
2201	 First , computers through internet made our access to information easier .	1
2202	 Through computers we can collect appropriate data very quickly , store it in the hard disc as long as we want and use it when needed .	1
2203	 Search engines such as google , yandex with many features relevant to the characteristics of the information needed enable search of information in few minutes .	1
2204	 Social networks such as facebook , twitter have changed traditional sources of information and decreasing the monopolization of the information by the governments .	1
2205	 Hence , with the use of computers we spend less time in search for information , and can get it from different sources .	1
2206	 Second , in a globalized world that we live computers made communications faster , visual and cheaper .	1
2207	 With the use of email our messages can be delivered to any person in any part of the world in few minutes .	1
2208	 In addition , it is convenient because you do not need to mile to the post office , but just click the mouse of your computer from the convenience of your arm chair in order to reach your friends , family members in any part of the world .	1
2209	 Internet facilities such as msn , skype made visual communication possible .	1
2210	 For example , via skype people not just communicate with their family members and friends , but also make interviews for employment , enrolment into universities .	1
2211	 In result , communication has become cheaper , faster and visual .	1
2212	 Finally , I believe that computers have made life easier and more convenient in the ways that it broadened the sources of information and made access more quick , a long with the improving quality of the communication in many ways .	1
2213	 Computers have made it possible for office workers to do their work	0
2214	 Some people think that working at home brings to workers and employees too much convenience , but i don ' t .	0
2215	 Because the best conditions are sometimes not likely to be good as the expectation of people .	0
2216	 Working without pressure and interaction are some examples for these disadvantages .	0
2217	 Pressure is motivation .	1
2218	 Each office has its rules that keep workers do their job as effectively as possible .	1
2219	 The directors manage employers and give them the deadline of projects .	1
2220	 Then again , the workers must try their best to finish the time limit .	1
2221	 Doing all jobs at home don ' t make employees attempt to work like this .	1
2222	 Computers and modems bring works to home but these still have many things distract their mind .	1
2223	 Facebook or Yahoo have been the entertaining websites , however , they are the reasons why people cannot concentrate on their job .	1
2224	 The dos and don ' t at office play important role to prevent these things from workers .	1
2225	 In condition , doing all jobs alone makes employees fall asleep easily .	1
2226	 As a result , the project cannot being done .	1
2227	 The best condition might not be good for people .	1
2228	 Interaction has been an advantage for workers at offices .	1
2229	 Discussing and debating Projects together increase working ability because all we know that the target can be reached fast thanks to working of many people .	1
2230	 Besides , interaction help employees improve their communicational skills , therefore , they will have more and more friends and relationships .	1
2231	 Interaction is a factor increasing working quality .	1
2232	 There will have many disadvantages if the workers work at home .	1
2233	 Mitigating process , no interaction and pressure are these things people should examine when they want to work at home .	1
2234	 Technological progress in the past century has its negative effect	0
2235	 In the past few decades , there were many remarkable achievements in technology fields that have numbers of beneficial effects on the whole society or individuals , although bringing some disadvantages to us .	1
2236	 On one hand , the development of technology can prompt economic growth and the improvement of living standards .	1
2237	 Scientists and engineers have invented many novel products and tools , which play an important role in economic activity .	1
2238	 Because of the technology of internet and air transportation , businessmen are able to handle plenty of international trade and financial transactions .	1
2239	 This also helps many countries to more efficiently export their products to the world and increase their revenue .	1
2240	 Besides , advanced technology enables people to enhance their living - level and health care standard .	1
2241	 With the improvement of medical technology , it is obvious that the life expectancy in many countries has been significantly longer than before , and many serious diseases are under control .	1
2242	 Digital entertainment technology allows people to enjoy playing interactive video games and watching three - dimensional movies , and this means that we could get more happiness from technology .	1
2243	 On the other hand , the development of technology is likely to bring some negative effects on the environment and society .	1
2244	 People utilize architecture technology to construct buildings to expand urban areas , and fuel companies apply drilling technology to extract a great amount of fossil oil in natural regions .	1
2245	 This would pose a large threat to the ecology and environment .	1
2246	 Vehicle technology enables many people to drive private cars , and emission of exhaust gas could lead to air pollution in large cities .	1
2247	 In conclusion , although technological progress causes corresponding problems , it still provides us with much more advantages .	1
2248	 A greater proportion of the budget should be allotted to education and prevention issues	0
2249	 In today ' s world , the concept of the welfare state requires governments to provide sustainable healthcare and health education to their citizens .	0
2250	 I completely agree with the idea that governments should devote a greater portion of their health budgets to health education and means for precautions .	1
2251	 The first reason why education and preventative measures should receive a greater budget is the potential improvements in health system .	0
2252	 I believe that decreasing the number of patients in the health system can lead hospitals and healthcare centers to be managed effectively which will result in better treatments for current patients .	1
2253	 Therefore , society should be educated and became aware of health issues so that the potential precautions on the way of illnesses can be taken instead of trying to provide treatment for the increasing number of patients .	1
2254	 The second reason why governments should allocate more budget on prevention from illness and providing health education is the welfare of the society .	0
2255	 In my opinion , there is nothing more important than health in a human ' s life and the happiness and welfare come with health .	1
2256	 Therefore , a government ' s role should be providing means that lead its citizens to learn how to prevent from potential illness that can cause misery in people ' s lives .	1
2257	 For example , the marketing campaign of Ministry of Health in Turkey which aimed smoking problem among the youth increased the well - being of those who quit smoking and adapted a better lifestyle after the campaign .	1
2258	 In conclusion , a greater proportion of the budget should be allotted to education and prevention issues in comparison with treatment due to achieve more effective health system and greater level of well - being .	1
2259	 Zoos have no useful purpose ?	0
2260	 Have you ever seen a real life bear or a monkey ?	0
2261	 If you did , it was probably at a zoo .	0
2262	 Zoos are big outdoor spaces in which different animal species are kept , so that people can look , learn and admire them .	0
2263	 A lot of people think that zoos have no use , or provide no purpose .	0
2264	 I strongly disagree with this affirmation because I believe zoos provide social interaction , education , and develop qualities such as animal respect and understanding .	1
2265	 When people visit the zoo , they normally do it in a group , with their families , or as a part of a school group activity .	1
2266	 In the zoo they interact with each other and are able to relax and look at the animals , play with some of them , comment on their appearance and behavior , and laugh at their funny customs .	1
2267	 Nowadays families do not spend as much time together as they used to a couple of decades ago .	1
2268	 The zoo is a great reason for spending time with the family , it is a great activity that can be enjoyed every family member , from little children to grandparents .	1
2269	 Animals , the different species , their habitats and behaviors are a subject of study at schools and universities .	1
2270	 We can learn a lot from books and lectures , but there is an even better way to learn , that is visuals and personal experience .	1
2271	 If you visit the zoo , you get to watch the animals , their customs , what they eat and how they eat it , as well as which characteristics the different species have .	1
2272	 In the zoo you can see an animal and their different variations , the male and the female or the baby and the adult .	1
2273	 It offers a great opportunity to observe their reactions to different situations , such as weather , specie and genre interaction , defense behavior , or protection of their babies .	1
2274	 Moreover , it will also help identify which animals could be dangerous .	1
2275	 Visiting the zoo would help the students understand what they learn at school .	1
2276	 Finally , a visit to the zoo will help increasing someone ' s respect and appreciation for animals .	1
2277	 It is a lot easier to appreciate something after you have seen it , and learned from it .	1
2278	 This is especially true for people living in the city , where the only animals they normally interact with are pets like cats and dogs .	1
2279	 In the present there is a lack of respect for animals .	1
2280	 Being able to see the animals in real life and learning facts about them would help by making people aware of the importance of animals and the respect they deserve .	1
2281	 The reason why most people oppose to zoos is that in some of them the animals are not very well taken care of and they do not have good and clean facilities .	1
2282	 This is mostly true but does not relate to the purpose of zoos .	1
2283	 It would be great if every zoo kept the animals in perfect conditions , but regardless of the condition , zoos are very useful .	1
2284	 Serious or entertaining movies	0
2285	 I prefer the serious movies which are simple , touching and powerful .	1
2286	 Here are my reasons .	0
2287	 First , most serious movies have a wide variety of content .	1
2288	 Entertaining movies are created to amuse people .	1
2289	 However , most entertaining movies are empty and nonsensical .	1
2290	 Compared with the entertainment film , the serious film may be more worthwhile and meaningful .	1
2291	 Serious movies usually designed to express one or more thinking about love , humaneness ; moreover , it may point out the dark sides of the society .	1
2292	 Second , not all of serious movies are boring .	0
2293	 Click is a very interesting comedy , with a serious approach about the importance of having a balanced life between family and work businesses .	1
2294	 The movie is humorous and satiric , which leads us to think what is the most valuable of our lives , and it reminds us how important our families are .	1
2295	 Thus , the hidden meanings of serious movies are usually beyond words and images which make us think about ourselves .	1
2296	 Moreover , some of serious movies try to make you think about the dark sides of the world .	1
2297	 Blood diamond , an adaptation of a real story in South Africa , focuses on the link between diamonds and conflict .	1
2298	 After watching the movie , we may learn a lesson between jewels and death .	1
2299	 Diamonds are not rare or a sign of true love ; indeed , the hidden meaning of a diamond is a cruel reality .	1
2300	 As a result , serious movie tell you how to see the world in a different way .	1
2301	 For the above reasons , I prefer to see those serious movies which make people have deep thoughts toward their real lives .	1
2302	 Overemphasizing on personal lives of famous people by media	0
2303	 As a mass media majoring student , I think that it ' s true that media is overemphasizing the personal lives of famous people in this modern society .	1
2304	 In my point of view , disadvantages of overemphasizing on personal lives of famous people by media outweigh its advantages .	1
2305	 My reasons include the following :	0
2306	 It is no doubt that the media provide information about an event that recently occurred somewhere and which is important to the people .	1
2307	 The most important of all is that the essence of coverage accurate and not based on gossip .	1
2308	 However , journalism is changing .	1
2309	 Some reporters are more interested with gossip than news relating to public issues , paying too much attention to the personal lives of famous people .	1
2310	 First of all , gossip involves misleading images for the purpose of boosting newspaper sales or exciting public opinion .	1
2311	 The audience may see a lot of photos in the kind of reports , which seems to tell a story .	1
2312	 Moreover , it is unfair that the ridiculous coverage may be a vexation for the famous people who are reported .	1
2313	 Furthermore , sensationalism distract the viewers from public or social problems .	1
2314	 The media face the challenge that media executives must choose the content , which can attract the audience .	1
2315	 Thus , these personal reports of famous people , unimportant information or distorted stories , will not solve problem related with the society .	1
2316	 In other words , yellow journalism block the viewers from significant news , such as education , environment and public issues .	1
2317	 Based on the above discussion , I agree with that paying too much attention on personal lives of famous people may be a serious problem .	1
2318	 Why people visit museums ?	0
2319	 As a lover of travel , a quintessence of any visit to an excellent museum of a new place would be the best part of a tour , which can be explained by the following reasons .	1
2320	 Primary , it is easy to know the history of the new place .	1
2321	 Last year , I went to Ellis Island and the immigration museum , where is a symbol of American immigration and the immigrant experience in the New York .	1
2322	 Through the exhibit , I found that the Statue of Liberty symbolized freedom , and Ellis Island may be the place , where the immigration took their dreams and fears .	1
2323	 Thus , museums can help us know the history and the customs of a new place .	1
2324	 Secondary , visiting a well - known museum also can broaden our horizon .	1
2325	 Those outstanding and diverse range of objects , with classic and magnificent art , is guaranteed to inspire us !	1
2326	 In my city , National Palace Museum is celebrated for collection of ancient Chinese artifacts .	1
2327	 To my astonishment , Jadeite cabbage is the most famous artistic work , which is made of jade , is vividly shown .	1
2328	 Moreover , a local museum could be a top choice and destination for tourist to visit .	1
2329	 Someone take a trip without making any plans , so they may waste their time on shopping or staying at their hotel .	1
2330	 As a result , visiting a museum saves their precious time for making a decision .	1
2331	 Most important of all , a local museum represent its own typical culture so that visitors may easily acquaint with the new place in a short time .	1
2332	 For the above reasons , if we have a chance to visit top museums in the world , we must stop by these museums .	1
2333	 During our trip , it is worthwhile for us to visit a museum of a new place .	1
2334	 Study at home by using technology / study or traditional school	0
2335	 I don ' t think that technology can replace teachers and classroom .	1
2336	 Here are my reasons .	0
2337	 Studying at home by using technology is convenient .	1
2338	 The biggest advantage is that your classroom and instructor are available 24 hours a day .	1
2339	 In addition , you could make your own schedule for completing the requirements of the course .	1
2340	 You can study any time you want .	1
2341	 However , if you aren ' t extremely dedicated or have good time management skills , it may be very difficult to complete a course at home .	1
2342	 First , attending an education course at home requires persistence and patience .	1
2343	 Especially when you don ' t have an instructor there to guide you , it is up to you to make sure that you understand and complete all course requirements .	1
2344	 Students may raise questions and they may have problems of understanding some specific topics or subjects .	1
2345	 Unfortunately , it may be a predicament when you face some problems in learning without any help .	1
2346	 Second , studying at home is very different from traditional learning .	1
2347	 Unlike traditional classes , distance education courses don ' t take place in a classroom , where you are surrounded by your teachers and classmates .	1
2348	 Students may find that it is hard to study without being kept under supervision .	1
2349	 If you are the type that gets easily distracted , a distance - learning program may not be for you .	1
2350	 Furthermore , there is an advantage of traditional school - socialization - establishes relationship with classmates .	1
2351	 We can learn a lot from programs at home ; however , our computers or televisions can ' t teach us how to get along with people .	1
2352	 For example , students may learn how to cooperate with classmates from teamwork .	1
2353	 Studying alone at home might deprive us of these significant and valuable opportunities .	1
2354	 For the above reasons , I agree that distance education can ' t replace traditional school .	1
2355	 I believe it is a good idea to build a large shopping center in our community	0
2356	 I believe that it is a good idea to build a large shopping center in our community .	1
2357	 The following are my reasons .	0
2358	 In the first place , the establishment of a large shopping center will provide the residents a more convenient place to go shopping .	1
2359	 Here is a positive example : Queens Center Mall , a shopping mall located in Queens borough of New York City , provides a wide vairtey of stores , products and services , from clothing to electronics and restaurants , that consumers can choose .	1
2360	 It is widely thought that it is one of the most productive malls in New York .	1
2361	 I found that I could find virtually every brand or store , including Macy ' s and JCPenney , when I visited there .	1
2362	 As far as I am concerned , a large shopping mall provides a location for residents to pursue during their leisure time .	1
2363	 Furthermore , it not only provides a place to shop but also offer people jobs .	1
2364	 There may be a great number of job vacancies in the need of opening the new stores in the shopping mall .	1
2365	 It could be an opportunity for people who are looking for a part - time job or a full time job .	1
2366	 Some students and retirees may work there in order to whiling away their free time and earning money .	1
2367	 Lastly , it is more likely for us to buy goods in lower price in the shopping center , and save our time on the other hand .	1
2368	 There may be a competition between the new shopping center and other existing stores to attract the customers .	1
2369	 Accordingly , with sales promotion , it is easy for consumers to compare the price of the same merchandise before they buy .	1
2370	 In addition , the residents do not have a problem spending time on commute in the hope of setting up a shopping center near their homes .	1
2371	 For the above - mentioned reasons , I advocate building a big shopping center in my neighborhood , which will be beneficial to our community .	1
2372	 What is a very important skill a person should learn	0
2373	 Some people think that life is a struggle , which means we may encounter numerous difficulties during our lives .	0
2374	 Accordingly , stress management , how to survive our unbearable stress , is the most important skill that we should have .	1
2375	 Here are my reasons .	0
2376	 Stress , our body ' s way of responding to any kind of demand , can be caused by both good and bad experiences .	1
2377	 Stress may be a positive mobilization to drive for success .	1
2378	 However , it is widely thought that we experience stress any time , which comes across unexpectedly that frustrates our goals .	1
2379	 As a result , if we don ' t have a good stress management skill , it may lead to some critical problems .	1
2380	 In the frenetic , fast - paced world , it is a very common predicament that all of us , from the young to the senior , feel depressed caused by stress , such as financial problems , exam stress , relationship difficulties and work overload .	1
2381	 Some people regard stress as a power , which overcomes the obstacles to motivate themselves to do their best ; other people cannot charge of their thoughts , emotions , and the way they deal with problems .	1
2382	 Therefore , stress management recently becomes a more significant issue in our realization .	1
2383	 Furthermore , stress takes a toll on our health .	1
2384	 It is known that the modern life is frequently full of hassles , frustrations , and demands .	1
2385	 This is one of the reasons why people were overwhelmed by constant stress .	1
2386	 Thus , some people have physical problems , such as insomnia and headaches .	1
2387	 Melancholia , the most fatal problem , even leads some people to commit suicide .	1
2388	 Consequently , it is necessary that we should reduce and cope with our stress in the goal of balancing our mind and body .	1
2389	 To avoid being a pessimist , we may try to conquer our distress by sharing our worry with friends or families , doing exercise regularly , and trying to see our troubles in a different way .	0
2390	 For the above reasons , I believe that stress management is an essential skill for everyone to learn and find their own way to solve their stress .	1
2391	 Establishing a new university in your community	0
2392	 I will be happy to hear that the government has a plan to build a new university in my community .	1
2393	 There are many advantages setting up the university such as more opportunities to people in the community to pursue their studies , creation of jobs .	1
2394	 However , they come together with some disadvantages such as social problems .	0
2395	 This new university will allow a great number of people in my community to have a chance to study .	1
2396	 For example , suppose you live in a faraway community where there is no single university and you might not want to leave your family .	1
2397	 If you would like to attend a business school , you have to travel across the country to get to a distant university .	1
2398	 He or she definitely can get in the business school in the proposed community ' s university .	1
2399	 Undoubtedly , the university will have to hire professors , employees and etc .	1
2400	 Thus , a number vacant positions need to be filled .	1
2401	 Also there will be more opportunities to work in the community .	1
2402	 Moreover , when people have jobs , they will have money to spend on goods and services .	1
2403	 This can also help stimulate the local economy .	1
2404	 However , building the university may lead to some social problems .	1
2405	 A number of people then may come from any other communities in order to get in to or get the jobs at the university .	1
2406	 When many people congregate in one place , I think that some kinds of social problems will follow .	1
2407	 Traffic may worsen .	1
2408	 More wastes have to be managed .	1
2409	 Maybe crime rate will also increase .	1
2410	 These social problems may impair the quality of life in the community .	1
2411	 In sum , I myself agree with the plan to build the university .	1
2412	 I believe the benefit from it will outweigh the cost .	1
2413	 However , it would be indispensable that the government conduct a survey about the community opinion on the new university first .	0
2414	 Television versus Friends and family	0
2415	 We all know that television provides us many benefits ; it helps people relax , helps keep up with news , helps broad our mind .	0
2416	 However , have you ever thought that television has destroyed communication among friends and family ?	0
2417	 I personally consider this fact as the harmful thing that television has brought upon us .	1
2418	 First of all , since people watch television too much , they can be isolated from others .	1
2419	 Children , for example , pay more attention on movies , music show provided by television and do not want to do anything else such as going to school or practicing exercise with friends will be taken apart by others .	1
2420	 Gradually , their friends leave them behind either activities or studying .	1
2421	 Secondly , with the rapid change of the standard of life , each family has three or four TV in each room is more common .	1
2422	 Parents and even children do not want to communicate with each other instead of watching TV in their own room .	1
2423	 As a consequence , children will learn behavior from what they see on TV not from their parents .	1
2424	 Moreover , parents are not able to function their parental care as the necessary thing to children .	1
2425	 In this way , communication between family members is visibly destroyed .	1
2426	 Last but not least , watching too much television people will unconsciously learn bad behavior that sow division among human .	1
2427	 For example , watching film about terrorist children will be able to consider terrorism as a right thing .	1
2428	 What happens if they do act exactly the terrorist in Hollywood movies does ?	0
2429	 is this one of the reason cause division in society ?	0
2430	 In conclusion , though television has some good sides , it has destroyed communication among friends and family .	1
2431	 We need to quickly find the way to address this problem as soon as possible and the first concern is to reducing violent behaviors that children learn from television .	0
2432	 Live football game at a stadium	0
2433	 Have you ever traveled along to support your home football team during tournaments ?	0
2434	 Have you attended at a stadium to watch your team ' s match , yell or even cry with the team and their thousands of fans there ?	0
2435	 If you have a great love with football and your home team , it is much more gratifying to stay side by side and cheer up the team at the stadium rather than just to stay at home and watch the match alone .	1
2436	 First , attending a live football match is very fulfilling .	1
2437	 Before the match starts , thousands of fans gathering outside of the stadium with team flags , colorful outfits , sound of trumpets and rattles . . . everywhere .	1
2438	 As the game kicks off , the atmosphere inside the stadium is even more exciting .	1
2439	 You are watching football stars play the game with your own eyes and sharing your feelings with about 40 , 000 people at the stadium , such an excitement you can never have when you are watching it at home .	1
2440	 Everybody yells and sings together , the stadium is like bursted out whenever a goal is scored .	1
2441	 See , you will be bored if you are watching it alone .	1
2442	 Second , watching a live football game is an exceptional experience .	1
2443	 You can watch it at home , but easy come , easy go , you will quickly forget it , like a movie .	1
2444	 The tickets to get in the stadium may be a little expensive , but you will gain much more entertainment value from the game .	1
2445	 You can cherish your experience for a long time .	1
2446	 Furthermore , it can be an exclusive experience .	1
2447	 If it is a crucial win to acclaim a trophy , you will be on site to witness and celebrate the victory .	1
2448	 In conclusion , watch a football match on television it is comfortable and pleasing , but watching the match live at the stadium is more enjoyable .	1
2449	 It can be unforgettable moments in your life .	1
2450	 Fossil fuels will soon be replaced ?	0
2451	 Although renewable resources of energy are elements of the current and future energy strategy , as far as I ' m concerned , these new forms of energy cannot soon replace fossil fuels such as gases , oil , and coal .	1
2452	 Firstly , due to the limitation of technology renewable resources are relatively expensive .	1
2453	 Researches in renewable energy cost a huge amount of money which developing countries cannot afford .	1
2454	 On the other hand , fossil fuels are abundant and inexpensive in many areas .	1
2455	 For example , it is estimated that China has the largest deposit of coal in the world and the government does not want to invest too much money on new forms of energy , say expensive solar batteries and wind farms .	1
2456	 Thus the plan of renewable resources of energy may face challenges in that not every country can afford the reforming .	1
2457	 Besides , although utility companies claim that renewable energy is environmentally friendly ; these new forms of energy may not be as clean and green as we think .	1
2458	 Latest studies have shown that these renewable resources of energy are problematic as well and they are very likely to pose long - term environmental hazards .	1
2459	 For example , the dams built for hydroelectricity influence the water flows of the rivers and sometimes cause drought in areas in front of the dams .	1
2460	 This damages the habitats of many valuable fish and wading birds .	1
2461	 More importantly , the accumulation of heavy metal in the silt on the bottom of the rivers behind the dams is extremely difficult and expensive to clean up ; leaving problems for the following generations .	1
2462	 Thus renewable resources are not as reliable as we think .	1
2463	 Admittedly contemporarily fossil fuels cause serious environmental conundrums such as acid rain , deduction of ozone layer and global warming ; these problems can be solved by improving efficiency of the mechanism and reducing emissions .	1
2464	 For example we can use chemicals to desulfurize the emissions from plants and vehicles to avoid acid rain .	1
2465	 These improving methods are often cheaper and simpler compared to the high - tech of renewable energy .	1
2466	 With these solutions fossil fuels seem more sustainable .	1
2467	 In conclusion as promising as renewable resources of energy sound , there is no way those new forms of energy will replace fossil fuels soon .	1
2468	 Farmland , housing and industry or saving land for animals ?	0
2469	 Nowadays , there is a prevailing opinion that human needs for farmland , housing and industry are more important than saving land for endangered animals .	0
2470	 People who disagree with the point dispute that the decreasing of land for endangered animals will bring damage to ecological balance .	0
2471	 As far as I am concerned , I agree with the opinion human needs for farmland , housing and industry are more important .	1
2472	 The reasons are based on the following aspects .	0
2473	 First , land used for farmland , housing and industry can benefit more to the whole society .	1
2474	 There is no deny that the economy of the whole society will be developed with the help of agriculture , real estate industry and industry , in particularly industry which is the pillar industry of national economy , because they produce plenty of profits .	1
2475	 What is more , the society will be stable and harmony due to more farmland and industry .	1
2476	 It is widely acknowledged that more farmlands and industries can provide more job opportunities which can decrease the unemployment rate and crime rate .	1
2477	 Thus the needs for farmland , housing and industry are more important .	1
2478	 Second , farmland , housing and industry can satisfy the desire of human that living a better life .	1
2479	 It is clearly understood that farming , housing and industry provide us the food we eat , place we live , clothes we wear , which are essential to live .	1
2480	 Especially in some poor areas , survival is the most significant thing .	1
2481	 In addition , highly developed agriculture and industry can improve our living conditions which allow us have a good quality life .	1
2482	 Last I want to mention is that even though farmland , housing and industry will occupy the land used for endangered animals , it can do good to protect the endangered animals .	1
2483	 According to the discuss above , agriculture and industry make a contribution to the economy .	1
2484	 With the economy development , we can have more advanced methods to take care of endangered animals .	1
2485	 For instant , we can invent new technique to help endangered animals to produce offspring to be sure they would not distinct .	1
2486	 All in all , protecting endangered animals is necessary , nevertheless , human needs for farmland , housing and industry are more important .	1
2487	 Physical exercise should be required part of every school day	0
2488	 Although some people believe that students should spend the whole day on academic studies , I nevertheless believe that physical exercise is a crucial part of every school day .	1
2489	 Exercise is good not only for having a good health body , but also for the mind .	1
2490	 In addition , including exercise in children ' s daily routine , it is a good way to teach them the importance of physical activity from an early age .	1
2491	 Physical activity helps children to grow up physically healthier .	1
2492	 As studies have shown that the rate of obesity in children has increased every year , it will be very beneficial for children to have a daily physical activity and get a break from being sitting several hours at school .	1
2493	 In addition , exercise will help them to not be less exposed to illness related with cardiovascular , higher blood and cholesterol issues .	1
2494	 Daily exercise will help also to develop children ' s brain function .	1
2495	 It is well known how important it is to exercise regularly to help the body system to work better .	1
2496	 When people exercise , the respiratory system ' s function is enhanced , helping all organs , including the brain , to get more oxygen in .	1
2497	 Daily exercise will provide children with a mental break which will boost them to be efficient learners .	1
2498	 Having children in the daily exercise routine from an early age will teach them the important value of having physical activity in their every day routine .	1
2499	 Children are bombarded with lectures about nutrition and physical activity ; however , they will be more beneficed if that knowledge can be put in practice .	1
2500	 Moreover , they can stick with the routine and make the daily physical activities a good habit on their whole life .	1
2501	 Including physical activity in children ' s school day should be strongly considered .	1
2502	 It will meliorate not only mental and body health , but also will establish in children a habit of doing it , giving them the opportunity to measure the worth of including such an important activity in their daily live schedules .	1
2503	 Do you think it is good for teenagers to work while schooling ?	0
2504	 In my opinion , it is not the good idea for teenagers to have job while they are still students .	1
2505	 Although , many argue that it provide good working experience , but I think it can interfere with their life in various ways .	1
2506	 Having jobs would affect the health of the student .	1
2507	 It divert their mind from studies and would take away their childhood phase from their life .	1
2508	 A student has to do lots of studies in today ' s competitive world to prove himself .	1
2509	 He has to spend his most of time in school to get a good grades .	1
2510	 If the student get involved himself in job in rest of the time , then it would cause an extra burden on them .	1
2511	 Furthermore , jobs has various responsibilities like attendance , sometimes extra work and so on .	1
2512	 This would result in stress , tension and tiredness .	1
2513	 They won ' t be able to get proper time for relaxation , sleep .	1
2514	 Thus , would affect their mental and physical health .	1
2515	 Another reason , jobs can divert students from their studies .	1
2516	 If students started earning in earlier age in their life , then they get attracted towards money .	1
2517	 They feel themselves independent and would prefer to work more for money .	1
2518	 This would affect their studies , they loose their interest from studies .	1
2519	 Moreover , they drop out their studies so as to earn more money .	1
2520	 In addition to this , the main drawback of teenagers job is that , they miss out the fun of their childhood time .	1
2521	 He would miss various childhood activities such as hang out with friends , clubs and fun activities and social interaction with others .	1
2522	 They have whole life to do job and prove themselves , but the childhood phase will never return in their life .	1
2523	 Therefore , they should take advantage of life as much possible they can .	1
2524	 Thus , for a teenager it is important to pay attention on their studies .	1
2525	 Having job would affect their health , divert them from studies and take away one of the important phase from their life .	1
2526	 Do zoos serve any useful function ?	0
2527	 It has become quite a common hobby of children that they usually spend their free time in zoos .	0
2528	 Zoos have been established for ages all over the world and have become interesting places for entertainment .	0
2529	 Over the time , there are also a lot of arguments concerning whether zoos are helpful in serving people or they are just some kinds of bad treatments to animals .	0
2530	 Some people spot out that humanities benefit so much from zoos .	1
2531	 First of all , zoos are fascinating places of entertainment .	1
2532	 For this point , they all think that the very nature and wildness are all brought into zoos and spending time there help us to forget all stress as well as pressure .	1
2533	 Another function that all zoos serve relates to education .	1
2534	 Many students as well as people find zoos as good places for witnessing and researching the true animal world .	1
2535	 Moreover , some zoos are also reservation sites of many animals that are about to become extinct .	1
2536	 On the other hand , there are , however , people who think that zoos just take away freedom of animals .	1
2537	 Being confined , animals may lose their own nature as well as wildness and feel upset and discontented .	1
2538	 In their opinion , zoos are some kind of prisons and it ' s so cruel and wrong to keep animal in such prisons .	1
2539	 From my point of view , I agree with the first group .	0
2540	 In modern life , zoos have become even more important in serving as places for people to study and enjoy the nature while a lot of natural destruction is made to build towers and skyscrapers .	1
2541	 Besides , recently , zookeepers have also tried their best to make animals feel more comfortable by making artificial landscapes more familiar to the nature , taking care all animals in both feeding and sanity .	1
2542	 Studying alone or in a group	0
2543	 When I found the chance of studying in a group with my classmates , I wished I can go back in time and took all my exams again .	0
2544	 I personally prefer studying in a group due to these noticeable features , getting help from other students , improving my attitude for learning , managing my time in an effective way .	1
2545	 When pupils make a group for studying , all member of group have the same chance to help each other .	1
2546	 They can work together for understanding the complicated aspect of a course .	1
2547	 For example , when a group faces with complex math problem , they can share their opinions to solve it .	1
2548	 In addition , such a remarkable effect has incorporation that all students can improve their weak points in a group .	1
2549	 Increasing the motivation and competence spirit are another benefit of group - studying .	1
2550	 In a group of student , the best of those always encourages others to study harder .	1
2551	 Besides , pupils often have a tangible competence in order that they can get the highest grade in a group .	1
2552	 Clearly , better learning is one of noticeable result of these competences and encouragements .	1
2553	 When the students study with their friends , they should have schedule to use their time in an effective manner .	1
2554	 Group - studying causes some kind of internal obligation to manage the time , inasmuch as we always care about other people and we do not want to waste their time .	1
2555	 Therefore , time management is another brilliant benefit of group - studying .	1
2556	 In conclusion , I strongly prefer studying in a group of my friends because of some important opportunities gaining with this activity .	1
2557	 I can receive some helps from other student as well as improving my learning skills , also managing of time is another achievements of group - studying .	1
2558	 Now , it is time to start without any regret from my previous exams .	0
2559	 Should animals be free or live in zoos ?	0
2560	 Many people state that zoos are a great asset to animals .	0
2561	 Others believe that they are inferior creatures and therefore do not deserve our attention .	0
2562	 In my opinion , we must help animals live safely and comfortably in their own environment .	1
2563	 Many scientific studies have revealed the detriment that zoos have caused to animals .	1
2564	 Firstly , like we , human beings , animals are delivered to this world with genetic instincts .	1
2565	 Skills which help them live and survive in their residing areas .	0
2566	 When we captivate animals and put them to live a style of life that they are unfamiliar with , they begin to loose those in - born instincts .	1
2567	 Hence , when they are released or in the worst case , when they escape , they act disorientated and this contributes to the animal mortality rate .	1
2568	 In addition to the previous point , various zoos do not have the proper implements or policies that assure the quality of animal care .	1
2569	 For instance , I recall my first trip to a zoo , at age eight .	0
2570	 I was shocked by the cruelty which animals were treated .	1
2571	 I can not think of any staff memeber who did not have an improper behaviour towards the animlas in the zoo .	1
2572	 They beat them up because they did not wanted to eat their meals and then excused themselves saying that it was a way to train the animals .	1
2573	 In conclusion , I strongly believe that we have to assit animals and provide them the best quality of life possible .	1
2574	 Scientific facts showed the damage that zoos can inflict on animals .	1
2575	 Moreover , many zoos do not meet the standards of care required for them .	1
2576	 A university plans to devlope a new research centre in your country	0
2577	 Most of the universities in the world seek to develop some research in some countries .	0
2578	 These researches can be aimed for several fields such as business or agriculture .	0
2579	 If a university plans to develop a new research in my country and I have to choose between establishing a centre for business research or a centre for agriculture research , I would opt for the second one .	1
2580	 First of all , my country has a lot of land which is useful for the agriculture .	1
2581	 Most of these lands are left without any treatment .	1
2582	 The centre for research in agriculture can help my co - citizens to better exploit these land .	1
2583	 This centre can also help people there to solve their issues related to their land .	1
2584	 Especially , if they have no knowledge or education in this field .	1
2585	 Secondly , the centre for research in agriculture helps the economy of my country to improve .	1
2586	 The agriculture field has only thirty percent as a market part .	1
2587	 The centre of research can raise the market part of this field by developing the agriculture products .	1
2588	 For example , the dates are the most important agriculture product in my country .	1
2589	 The centre of research for agriculture can make some research in how to get a good quality of this product , how to treat the Palme and maybe how to treat the land of the palms .	1
2590	 Another reason that makes the centre of research for the agriculture more important than the centre of business research is that the first one can create a lot of jobs .	1
2591	 Obviously , showing people how to exploit a land and get good agriculture products will push people to think about working in the field of agriculture rather than working in business or other field to make money .	1
2592	 Some people think that a centre of business research is more important because we have to be in parallel with the advanced countries which have focused in business field .	1
2593	 For me being a developed country does not mean that we have to focus only in business , but we have to focus on what really bring us to the level of self satisfaction , and the agriculture for our country is the field that can realize that .	1
2594	 My country need to focus more on the agriculture by establishing centers for research in this field , which will have some very positive consequences on agriculture people work , on the economy and on the employment .	1
2595	 People learn in different ways and what teaching method do you prefer ?	0
2596	 People have a lot of things to learn in their lives .	0
2597	 They use several ways to broaden their knowledge and their skills .	0
2598	 One of these several ways of learning that I prefer is doing things by my self rather than learning by reading about things or learning by listening to people talking about .	1
2599	 There are a lot of reasons to recommend this method for who is serious about learning some thing in their lives .	0
2600	 First of all , learning by doing things develops our maturity .	1
2601	 When you do things by your self , you learn to depend on yourself .	1
2602	 You will not be in need to refer to books or persons .	1
2603	 The fact of doing things by ourselves can help us to get some experiences that would strong our maturity .	1
2604	 For example if some one wants to learn how to be a leader , they have to experience this by being in a real situation of leading a team or a group , or even a situation .	1
2605	 We can not be leaders by reading books or by listening to person talking about leading .	1
2606	 Secondly , learning by doing things is more exciting than learning by reading about things or listening to people talking about .	1
2607	 There are a lot of things in life that should be learnt by doing them .	1
2608	 Reading about things or listening to people talking about can rarely submit the same sensation or the same excitement to some one who wants to learn about the same thing .	1
2609	 People who want to learn how to swim have to go to the beach or to the swimpool and laid themselves in the water to feel and know what is swimming .	1
2610	 Nor listening to people or reading about can teach them swimming .	1
2611	 Another reason that makes learning by doing things more advantageous than learning by reading about things or listening to people talking about is that we find more motivation to continuing on learning by doing things .	1
2612	 With the time , Reading about things or listening to people talking about could become more and more boring .	1
2613	 Learning by doing things gives us more and more pleasure especially if we success in learning perfectly this things .	1
2614	 So we become motivated to learn other things by doing them .	1
2615	 The history shows that learning by doing things is the best way and the best method to learn things .	1
2616	 People should not depend only on reading or listening to people talking about things to learn .	0
2617	 They should try and keep trying until they learn what they want to learn .	0
2618	 Cheap air travel should be encouraged ?	0
2619	 In recent years , many airlines offer to their customers more and more number of cheap flights .	0
2620	 People have various different views about cheap air travel .	0
2621	 Although there are good arguments in favour of this trend should be encouraged , I personally think that cheap flight can make many serious problem .	1
2622	 It is undeniable that cheap air fares have broadened travel possibilities for many people , particularly for the lower income group .	1
2623	 These days , millions of people can travel around the world for work or pleasure .	1
2624	 They can develop their careers , broad their knowledge , and interact with many other people from varied cultural backgrounds .	1
2625	 Moreover , travels also help to promote the tourist industry development , boost the economy and job markets of many countries .	1
2626	 On the other hand , growing of cheap flights really have negative impact on environment .	1
2627	 Apparently , more flights could mean bigger and busier airport that may be grown the air pollution for people who live and work close to it .	1
2628	 However , the biggest concern is the effect on global warming .	1
2629	 Burning plane fuel can releases carbon dioxide into environment that cause the Earth to heat up .	1
2630	 In fact , while many efforts are being made to reduce CO2 emissions from cars and factories , nothing is being done to reins the airlines .	1
2631	 In conclusion , I would argue that the drawbacks of cheap air fares outweigh the benefits .	1
2632	 However , it does not mean that air travel should be more expensive .	0
2633	 Instead , people should be aware of their responsibility to reduce the emissions caused by their lifestyle choices .	0
2634	 Improve roads or public transports	0
2635	 Many people think that governments should spend money on improving roads and highways while the others say that it would be better to spend money on public transportation .	0
2636	 In my opinion , governments should certainly spend money on the public transportation system because it would deal with problems that the rising number of private cars is creating .	1
2637	 First , the using of public transportation reduces the amount of resources using on transportation .	1
2638	 Cars depend on gasoline , which is a non - renewable resource .	1
2639	 Therefore , the more cars we use means that the faster gasoline in this world is used up .	1
2640	 In the contrary , if the public transportation is efficiently used , the amount of gasoline consuming per person will be much lower .	1
2641	 And this definitely helps to reserve our invaluable natural resource , gasoline .	1
2642	 Second , public transportation helps to solve the air pollution problems .	1
2643	 Averagely , public transports use much less gasoline to carry people than private cars .	1
2644	 It means that by using public transports , the less gas exhaust is pumped to the air and people will no longer have to bear the stuffy situation on the roads , which is always full of fumes .	1
2645	 Last but not least , using public transportation is much safer than private transportation .	1
2646	 According to National Safety Council , riding the bus is over 170 times safer than private care .	1
2647	 Thus there is no reason that governments should hesitate to invest in public transportation , a healthy , safe and economical way of transporting .	1
2648	 In short , I can say for certain that spending money on improving public transportation is necessary because it is the key to protect our world , creating a healthy and safe environment for people to live in .	1
2649	 Some people believe that the Earth is being harmed by human	0
2650	 Whether human activity is making the Earth a better place to live or damaging it is a debatable issue .	0
2651	 Some people advocate the idea that human activity is advantageously influencing to the Earth .	0
2652	 However , I strongly believe that human activities are having a bad effect upon our planet , for human are polluting the Earth ' s environment , exhausting natural resource and threatening the living of other species .	1
2653	 People are corrupting their ecosphere .	1
2654	 In recent decades , concurrently with the increase of human consume , the waste discarded by human also multiplies .	1
2655	 These wastes including household waste and industrial waste are so big that a new continent is now being formed in the sea from garbage .	1
2656	 Furthermore , the industrial exhaust gases are adulterating the air , causing the insalubrious phenomenon such as acid rain , global warming or climate change .	1
2657	 Besides , people are draining the Earth ' s natural resources .	1
2658	 These resources such as oil , coal are vital for human activity , therefore nowadays , the exploitation activities of these resources are increasing dramatically to adapt to the infinite need of people .	1
2659	 Researchers indicated that most of natural resources are un - recyclable and only several decades after , the Earth ' s natural resources are totally exhausted .	1
2660	 At that time , human activity will be seriously affected due to the dependence on these resources .	1
2661	 Also , people are endangering other species ' live .	1
2662	 Hunting has been a fundamental activity of human for having food .	1
2663	 Through million years of hunting , especially in recent centuries with the innovation of rifle and dynamite , people have killed many animals and even have made some kinds of them become extinct .	1
2664	 Moreover , people , suffering from the population pressure , are expanding their living area ; consequently , the living area of other species narrowed .	1
2665	 This narrowing of living region is pushing many creatures to the brink of extinction .	1
2666	 All in all , from discussed reasons , we can conclude that human activity are gradually destroy the Earth since it is polluting the Earth environment , depleting the resource and imperiling other species ' lives .	1
2667	 Luck vs hard work	0
2668	 There are many instances that luck has brought people things that they never could even imagine .	0
2669	 However , I do not see any rational in believing in luck to reach one ' s goals .	1
2670	 Therefore I strongly agree with the argument that it is one ' s hard work that helps him reach his target .	1
2671	 First , if you depend only on luck for all your accomplishments , you are taking a great risk .	1
2672	 Luck is something intangible and no one can guarantee that it would ever come your way .	1
2673	 If it doesn ' t work , it would be a great disappointment .	1
2674	 Instead if you strive hard to achieve what you want , then your hard work would take you at least closer to your final goal .	1
2675	 In my personal experience , all my accomplishments were backed by my hard work , not my luck .	1
2676	 And I never did encounter any disappointments of missing my goals .	1
2677	 Secondly , if you believe that hard work is the key to success , it would make you a visionary person .	0
2678	 In other words , those who believe in hard work are clear about their goals and know about their final destination .	1
2679	 They carefully organize the process of achieving their targets and continue to evaluate their progress until they reach the final goal .	1
2680	 If you believe in luck , you would be clueless about where you are heading .	1
2681	 For example , a friend of mine , who had severe financial constraints , had the habit of buying lottery tickets thinking that one day he would win a lottery .	1
2682	 He was living in an illusion that he can solve his financial issues with this lottery .	1
2683	 However , up to this day his luck has not appeared and problems have got further worsened .	1
2684	 Thirdly , if you work hard , luck too might shine on you and take you some more steps further ahead from your actual target .	1
2685	 For example , my boss worked tirelessly for his promotion .	1
2686	 He looked at every aspect that he needed to qualify for the promotion .	1
2687	 He realized that having a master ' s degree would be a great credential for him to outperform his competitors .	1
2688	 Although he had many commitments at home and work , he somehow managed to complete this degree before he was eligible to apply .	1
2689	 At the end he was not only able to get the promotion amidst a stiff competition but also got nominated for a foreign scholarship since he had more credentials than other officers in his capacity .	1
2690	 Although it is good to be lucky , depending on luck for everything is not good .	1
2691	 Hence I strongly believe in hard working that would not easily disappoint you as luck sometimes does .	1
2692	 Should students be required to attend classes ?	0
2693	 The issue at hand is whether it should be obligatory for university students to attend classes .	0
2694	 This is an interesting question because it affects a great amount of students worldwide .	0
2695	 Nonetheless there are various different policies regarding this topic .	0
2696	 An important aspect might be whether one desires to optimize the learned knowledge or the amount of valuable experiences for the students .	0
2697	 However , to my mind students should be free not to attend classes because it improves the quality of student life as well as their learning motivation and teaches important life skills .	1
2698	 Firstly , a liberal policy is very feasible .	0
2699	 Checking for attendance requires a lot of bureaucracy .	0
2700	 Especially for larger classes it is impossible to check for everybody to attend .	0
2701	 So an optional attendance saves time and money .	0
2702	 Secondly , some students might learn better at home on their own , for instance , by reading the textbook .	1
2703	 This problem occurs especially if the lecturer is lethargic .	1
2704	 By letting students choose not to attend class you give them the opportunity to escape bad teaching .	1
2705	 Thus they are able to save precious study time and dive into the course syllabus independently .	1
2706	 In addition , being free to stay away from classes improves flexibility and therefore quality of student life .	1
2707	 Sometimes the wild party on Thursday night is too good to end already at midnight only because of a lecture on Friday in the morning .	1
2708	 With a liberal policy students are able to postpone the learning to the afternoon which gives a feeling of freedom and improves time efficiency .	1
2709	 Research has shown that the more satisfied the students are with those life aspects , the better they perform in academic areas .	1
2710	 Finally , psychology knows two types of motivation .	0
2711	 There is intrinsic motivation which comes from your own mindset .	0
2712	 And there is extrinsic motivation which comes from the praise and laud of other people .	0
2713	 Intrinsic motivation is known to be much more desirable because it leads to better learning and well - being .	1
2714	 However , in order to gain intrinsic motivation students need to become aware of their strengths and aims .	1
2715	 By giving students the freedom to choose about class attendance they might rather be thinking about why they decided to study and learn to motivate themselves .	1
2716	 These are crucial skills for the duration of their study and their whole life time .	1
2717	 To conclude , it is clear that going to classes should be optional for students .	1
2718	 I hold this belief due to the improvement of students ' current experience as well as the valuable skills and knowledge they obtain for their whole life afterwards .	1
2719	 Living in smal towns	0
2720	 Place of living has the most significant affect on our lives and we have to choose it according to several factors .	0
2721	 Some people prefer to live in tall buildings and crowded areas , whereas others prefer to live in a small and calm town .	0
2722	 I would prefer to live in a small town and I think a small town has some advantages , such as good weather , a healthy life and better facilities .	1
2723	 Firstly , the first advantage of living in a small town is a healthy life that we can obtain due to many items .	1
2724	 One of the conditions that helps us to be healthy is good weather and less population that exist in a small town .	1
2725	 Also , in a small town there are less crowded and less traffic .	1
2726	 Living in a place with less pollution such as air pollution or sound pollution helps us to have a healthier life and one of the main consequences is less stress and more happiness .	1
2727	 Moreover , in a small town foods and materials we need are healthier than in big cities and there are fresh foods and fruits .	1
2728	 Regardless of some exceptions , it is obvious that living in small towns is healthier than in big cities .	1
2729	 Secondly , another advantage of small towns is living costs .	1
2730	 Living cost is one of the important concerns in every society and then , in a small town living cost is fewer than in big cities .	1
2731	 Therefore , in a small town we can live in big houses with good landscapes , also because of less crowded spaces we have more facilities and more services .	1
2732	 Transportation cost is less than in big cities and we have less traffic so that we can save time and money .	1
2733	 In conclusion , I prefer to live in a small town and I think it has some advantages such as less stress , because of better weather conditions and also , better relationship within a town .	1
2734	 In small town people know each other and have better deal together than big cities therefore on big cities people feel alone and depress more than small cities .	1
2735	 However it is an obvious fact that people in small town have more happiness and friendship and less illness and stress .	1
2736	 Young people move to cities	0
2737	 These days , there are increasing numbers of young people from the countryside moving to cities in search of jobs and educational opportunities .	0
2738	 Personally , I think it has some drawbacks that will be discussed in this essay together with some reasons about this .	0
2739	 To begin with , the major cause that leads to urban migration of young adults is that cities often offer more well - paid jobs and study chances compared to rural areas .	1
2740	 Obviously , many large companies and universities often locate in cities which are hailed as promising lands to develop their career .	1
2741	 Therefore they move to big cities to pursue academic career and find jobs in order to have a higher standard of living .	1
2742	 For example , if a gradate stays in the city after leaving his college and seeks a job with good salary instead of returning his village to do farm work , he could perhaps buy a house or his own car after a short time .	1
2743	 However , this phenomenon sometimes poses several negative consequences .	0
2744	 There can be no doubt that the burgeoning number of young adults from the countryside flocking to cities gives rise to overpopulation in cities .	1
2745	 As a result , cities cannot provide adequate space for thousands of dwellers that might lead to poor housing conditions and sanitation .	1
2746	 Additionally , it might put strain on the environment .	1
2747	 If there are more people in the cities , there would be large numbers of vehicles on the road , which causes air pollution .	1
2748	 In conclusion , young people tend to study or work in urban areas since these provide them many educational opportunities and career potentials .	1
2749	 In my opinion , however , I do not approve of this trend due to negative effects such as low quality of life and affecting the environment .	1
2750	 Basic economic class can help the students touch the surface of this field	0
2751	 In today ' s community , economy becomes the order of the day .	0
2752	 Getting to know the theory in this area seems really important for our students .	0
2753	 Then , the earlier we jump into this area , the more skillful we will be .	0
2754	 Thus , in my point of view , although it will take some time on it , high school students should take a course on basic economics .	1
2755	 Let me explain it in detail .	0
2756	 For the primary concern , it can provide students a sense of direction in academy .	1
2757	 Basic economic class can help the students touch the surface of this field , let them to know what this subject mainly discuss .	1
2758	 That will help the students cultivate their own interest and a sense of career orientation .	1
2759	 Finally , students may study harder for their economic dreams .	1
2760	 On the other hand , economy is always correlate with politics , students can study specialized knowledge along with some Politian status , which may open their vision toward the nation and don ' t get limited in the textbooks .	1
2761	 Besides , there is also an intimate connection between economy and enterprises , students can also gain knowledge more practical and vivid .	1
2762	 In addition , the basic economic course can also help with the students when they go to college .	1
2763	 They may feel more readily to learn the knowledge in this field and save much time , with that they are able to study more efficiently and more deeply than other students .	1
2764	 That as well would provide the students with more confidence and let them become more compatible .	1
2765	 Considering all those factors above , I suggest the basic course of economic is necessary .	1
2766	 University education restriction	0
2767	 Universtiy is an entrance to life .	0
2768	 It equips us with a package of wisdom and virtue to succeed .	0
2769	 It is the importance of university that raises a question whether students with best scholastic performance deserve university study or just any young wishful people .	0
2770	 Both sides are to be discussed before a conclusion is reached .	0
2771	 To begin with , outstanding academic students are eligible for university due to their intellectual advantage .	1
2772	 To be precise , such abstract or complicated informatin , easily absorbed by those students , may prove as a matter of pressure for those who lack equivalent skills .	1
2773	 Besides , it is undeniable that one deserves what he has done .	1
2774	 University is like a gift presented to those who have gone to great length to attain .	1
2775	 However , university is not just about academic studies but also a place to nurture artistic talent and develop soft skills .	1
2776	 Therefore , it should be up for grabs for a majority of young people , who wish to pursue their passion as well as develop comprehensively .	1
2777	 What is more , there is a tendency for social vices to rise if university is to be restricted to only the best people .	1
2778	 Apart from the disheartened ones , many devoiding of neccessary preparations are likely to be recipes for failure when applying for jobs , mostly the white - collar ones .	1
2779	 In conclusion , university restriction has both pros and cons .	0
2780	 In my opinion , it will yield more negative results than positive ones .	1
2781	 That ' s why it should be made available for a wide range of learners .	1
2782	 A greater proportion of the budget should be allotted to education and prevention issues	0
2783	 In today ' s world , the concept of the welfare state requires governments to provide sustainable healthcare and health education to their citizens .	0
2784	 I completely agree with the idea that governments should devote a greater portion of their health budgets to health education and means for precautions .	1
2785	 The first reason why education and preventative measures should receive a greater budget is the potential improvements in health system .	1
2786	 I believe that decreasing the number of patients in the health system can lead hospitals and healthcare centers to be managed effectively which will result in better treatments for current patients .	1
2787	 Therefore , society should be educated and became aware of health issues so that the potential precautions on the way of illnesses can be taken instead of trying to provide treatment for the increasing number of patients .	1
2788	 The second reason why governments should allocate more budget on prevention from illness and providing health education is the welfare of the society .	1
2789	 In my opinion , there is nothing more important than health in a human ' s life and the happiness and welfare come with health .	1
2790	 Therefore , a government ' s role should be providing means that lead its citizens to learn how to prevent from potential illness that can cause misery in people ' s lives .	1
2791	 For example , the marketing campaign of Ministry of Health in Turkey which aimed smoking problem among the youth increased the well - being of those who quit smoking and adapted a better lifestyle after the campaign .	1
2792	 In conclusion , a greater proportion of the budget should be allotted to education and prevention issues in comparison with treatment due to achieve more effective health system and greater level of well - being .	1
2793	 Work in team or independently	0
2794	 Nowadays , as the world is getting smaller , we need to be able to cooperate .	0
2795	 Working in team is a necessary skill that every individual must master for success .	0
2796	 Despite the importance of working in team , I still believe that the capability of working independly is more significant .	1
2797	 Of course , effective cooperation can make things easier and faster , but in many important cases when team - working is not possible , the ability to work alone will help .	1
2798	 The apperant example is that there are a lot of tests that do not allow team - working .	1
2799	 Let ' s imagine that you perform really well when you can discuss the problems with other people , but you have no experience of working alone , standardized tests such as SAT , TOEFL may be your nightmares .	1
2800	 Testing is a very important aspect of life , and still the majority of tests do not allow you to work in team .	1
2801	 Therefore , if you want to get brilliant achievements such as going to college , acing your school ' s final tests , you should consider learning to work on your own .	1
2802	 Moreover , the ability to work alone will help you increase your ability to work with other people .	1
2803	 Working in team does not mean that you do not have to come up with your ideas .	1
2804	 Everybody in a team must have his / her own opinion first , then discuss them with other members .	1
2805	 When we work in team , we still think individually because our brain are not connected but separate .	1
2806	 When everyone in a team can come up with his / her own ideas , working in team will definitely more effective .	1
2807	 In conclusion , working with a group a people and working individually are all important .	0
2808	 Both skills are necessary for a successful life .	0
2809	 Nevertheless , the capablity of working alone is the foundation for the skill to work in team and plays a significant role in a lot of situations .	1
2810	 Smoking should not be promitted in restaurants or other public places	0
2811	 Smoking brings a person great enjoyment and relief .	0
2812	 However , one should not be encouraged to smoke as the cost of other people ' s health .	0
2813	 In this case , I advocate the idea that smoking should be prohibited in restaurants as well as other public places , and that we should support states laws to ban it because smoking not only damages the restaurant ' s environment , but also imposes a potential threat on others ' health .	1
2814	 First of all , although it is too strong to assert that smoking should be prohibited everywhere in the society , one smoking in a restaurant is considered to enjoy his time with the ignorance of others ' health .	1
2815	 It is generally believed that , the second - hand smoke , which comes from the smoker ' s mouth , puts an even greater threat on surrounding people ' s health than the smoker himself .	1
2816	 For example , if there is only one person smoking in a restaurant , all others will smoke unconsciously and their health is under attacked .	1
2817	 This is because some burned substance in a cigarette can easily deteriorate a person ' s respiratory system after he / she inhales it .	1
2818	 Therefore , smoking in restaurants should be strictly banned because it makes the restaurant a polluted place which threatens every customer ' s health .	1
2819	 Furthermore , even though some customers do not worry about the threat that second - hand smoke imposes on them , the disgusting smoke will severely affect their appetite , or , in other words , spoil their meals and make them an unpleasant experience .	1
2820	 The smoke exhaled from the smoker often makes other people feel uncomfortable or disgusted , thus affecting their mood in having their meals .	1
2821	 This , on the other hand , can indirectly decrease the restaurants ' popularity because fewer people are willing to consume there due to their unpleasant experiences .	1
2822	 Lastly , smoking does no good to the smoker himself .	1
2823	 Not only does it aggravate his health , making him more subject to respiratory diseases , but also it damages his public image and reputation .	1
2824	 This is especially true when the smoker is a popular political figure or an entertainmening celebrity , because most people see smoking in restaurants as an impolite human behavior .	1
2825	 At this point , the public are likely to believe that the smoker lacks basic civility and should not be encouraged to be a public leader .	1
2826	 To conclude , smoking in a restaurant is a harmful and disrespectable behavior .	1
2827	 It spoils the smoker ' s reputation and threats other people ' s health .	1
2828	 Therefore , it is unwise to smoke in a restaurant as well as other public places , and relevant state laws should be codified to strictly prohibit it .	1
2829	 People should have hobbies and do physical activities	0
2830	 Whether or not people should have hobbies and do physical activities has been a controversial question .	0
2831	 Different people have different ideas .	0
2832	 Some people think we should focus on our jobs , but I don ' t agree with them .	0
2833	 Having one ' s own hobbies and doing physical activities can bring us a lot of benefits .	1
2834	 First , having hobbies and doing physical activities is the best way to keep fit .	1
2835	 Looking at the computer screen all day long can make us daze , so doing some sport and hobbies can prevent us from becoming too fat or short - sighted .	1
2836	 My neighbor Tom once was a computer engineer in a big company .	1
2837	 He ate fast food everyday and never went out to exercise .	1
2838	 When he found out that he was too fat to find a girlfriend , he made up his mind to loose weight .	1
2839	 He started to jog every morning .	1
2840	 After a moth , he is thinner and finds a girlfriend .	1
2841	 Also , doing something for a long time can be boring , having hobbies and doing sports can refresh our mind .	1
2842	 For example , at school , students have breaks every class so that they can relax for a few minutes and prepare for the next class .	1
2843	 Humans are not robots ; we can ' t keep working for twenty - four hours .	1
2844	 Doing sports or hobbies for a short time can recharge our batteries .	1
2845	 Last , we should develop at least one personal hobby , not to show off , but express our emotion when we feel depressed or pressured .	1
2846	 Playing musical instrument is a good way , I can play classical guitar .	1
2847	 When I meet difficulties in studies , I will take my guitar and play the song Green Sleeves .	1
2848	 It makes me feel better and gives me the confidence .	1
2849	 Although it may take us a lot of times to develop our personal hobbies , but doing so can bring us a healthy body , a refreshed mind and a way to release pressure and sadness .	1
2850	 Hence , I think it is good for us to have hobbies and do physical activities which are different from our work .	1
2851	 Government should regard investing in building roads as the most important	0
2852	 The population explosion results in the high demands of transportation .	0
2853	 Many countries have suffered from pollution , noisy and casualty for a long time .	0
2854	 From my perspective , the most possible solution to these problems is improving roads and highways because of three crucial reasons .	1
2855	 First and foremost , we all know that upgrading public transportation will surely aggravate the pollution and accidents .	1
2856	 The buses , cars and trains regularly emit a noxious gas which causes lots of fatal diseases such as lung cancer and pneumonia .	1
2857	 Moreover , the sound emanates from the engines can worsen our hearing .	1
2858	 Most importantly , there are many accidents happening on the roads .	1
2859	 For example , in my country , buses are attributed to the cause of skyrocketing of accidents .	1
2860	 Each year , Vietnam has approximately twelve thousand people die of accidents which is equivalent to the death toll of the tsunami in Japan .	1
2861	 Secondly , investing in roads and highways can broaden the area and allow more public transportation to work .	1
2862	 Not only buses but also other personal vehicles can move easily on the roads .	1
2863	 For instance , I always leave school at the time that everybody rushes into the roads and hastily goes home .	1
2864	 It is extremely troublesome for me to escape from the crowd on the roads in only one hour .	1
2865	 In contrast , if the roads are enlarged , everyone can go home in short time and there are hardly any collisions .	1
2866	 Last but not least , spending on renovating the highways and roads can improve the quality .	1
2867	 All of us are afraid of moving on the rough roads with lots of portholes .	1
2868	 Those bad conditions result in many terrible accidents and make several people feel worried .	1
2869	 We should not accuse the drivers of causing accidents because a part of the responsibility belongs to the authorities .	1
2870	 What ' s more , a smooth surface makes the transportation and movement become safer and easier .	1
2871	 In a nutshell , the advantages of upgrading the roads which I mentioned above are totally convincing and indispensable .	1
2872	 I am usually inclined to this idea and I hope that the government will regard the investment in building roads as the most important thing .	0
2873	 The best way of learning life	0
2874	 Life is full of challenges , difficulties and unexpected obstacles .	0
2875	 Therefore , learning about life , which is useful for foreseeing problems and be assertive enough to overcome them are needed .	0
2876	 Two main ways of learning about life are listening to the advice of family and friends and learning through personal experience .	0
2877	 Both ways are good to follow because they all have their own distinct advantages .	0
2878	 On one hand , the way of learning life through listening to the advice of family and friends is more realistic than the latter .	1
2879	 Family members such as your parents are experienced in life so they can give you proper and sincere guidance on every aspect of life .	1
2880	 And friends , people who are the same generation with you , they are understand your favorite and ability enough to tell you which is suitable for you , which is not .	1
2881	 By listening to your family and friends advice , you can definitely avoid many unexpected things .	1
2882	 On the other hand , finding out life through personal experience can help you become more independent and mature .	1
2883	 For one thing , there are so many grate things that you can missed if you don ' t experience it by yourself .	1
2884	 For example , a friend told you not to try skydiving because it was so dangerous .	1
2885	 If you did as he told , you could fail to see how wonderful it is to be fall freely .	1
2886	 In addition , family and friends accidentally harm you by giving you advice all the time .	1
2887	 You will grow to be dependent and reliant .	1
2888	 In contrast , free yourself and do what you desire without notice about consequences is the way that success people would like to choose .	1
2889	 According to myself , both ways are good , but I prefer the latter .	0
2890	 It is because growth is a long process that experience is indispensable .	1
2891	 I believe that experiencing the real life by myself , I could learn more than just obey the advice .	1
2892	 Parents and other predecessors used to experience their own life by themselves , why don ' t the younger try to do the same ?	0
2893	 In summary , each way learning life has its own benefits .	0
2894	 But to me , learning about life through personal experience seems more appropriate .	1
2895	 Modern cooking methods have improved our life - style significantly	0
2896	 With technology advances , food has become easier to prepare in modern days .	0
2897	 People now can use kitchen appliances such as microwave and toaster to cook their meals easier and more convenient than before .	0
2898	 Also , instant food products take only a few minutes to be made into delicious meals .	0
2899	 These changes make cooking so easy - to - use and time - saving as to improve the way we live to a great extent .	1
2900	 First of all , people have more chance to do other activities they like since food preparation is no longer time - consuming .	1
2901	 For instance , such a change has liberated many housewives from tedious cooking process and gave them additional time to do something more meaningful like accompanying family or doing a job .	1
2902	 On the other hand , more people can sleep a bit later to go to work because they only need a couple of time to prepare for the breakfasts .	1
2903	 At the second point , since food preparation has become easier and more convenient , it is certainly great to preserve diverse kinds of foods at home .	1
2904	 People can have a variety of dishes even in a small meal and choose whatever they like .	1
2905	 More men , on the other hand , are willing to participate in cooking that they had never done before .	1
2906	 This transformation may bring positive impacts to family in some cases .	1
2907	 In conclusion , the time - saving , simple food preparation process gives us more time to do other activities , more chance to select diverse kinds of foods and more willingness to cook meals .	1
2908	 Of course , there may be some other perspectives that I neglected to fully consider .	0
2909	 Nevertheless , for the reasons that I have presented above , I would assert that this change has improved our life significantly .	1
2910	 Are parents best teachers ?	0
2911	 It is obvious that parents are the first teachers who teach babies how to walk and speak and make children to become a good person .	1
2912	 Moreover , parents provide their children the best social skills and knowledge in order to prepare for their children ' s future life .	1
2913	 First , children are taught basic things , which influence their whole life , by their parents .	1
2914	 As a baby , they do not know any thing all around but they learn everything from their parents .	1
2915	 Parents always try to explain and describe tenderly all things in simple way so that their baby can understand and learn from that .	1
2916	 Consequently , parents bring the whole world of wonderful and colorful thing into their baby ' s little mind .	1
2917	 Second , parents train their child how to become a good person .	1
2918	 They always make their children basically say thanks and apology in the right way .	1
2919	 On the one hand , it is common that they try to explain who is a good or bad person .	1
2920	 On the other hand , children are shown how to behave well with others .	1
2921	 This seems to be easy but this can influence positively their future children and makes children ' s behavior better before they face the real world .	1
2922	 Third , it is clear that parents are ones who loves their children most and always take care of their children .	1
2923	 Thus , they tend to provide the best knowledge and advice from their experience for children .	1
2924	 Unlike a professional , parents always support children and give them much social skill so they can communicate well with others and have good habit in life .	1
2925	 In fact , parents ' support is one factor which makes people succeed in their life .	1
2926	 In conclusion , parents are really the best teachers who give us much knowledge and advice .	1
2927	 Based on love , they always try their best to make good condition for their children development in order to prepare children ' s future life .	0
2928	 Tv has NO negative effects on children	0
2929	 Nowadays , we have undergone many technology innovations such as Tv .	0
2930	 Many people say that television has negative effects on children , since it can be violent or inappropriate for children .	0
2931	 However , I strongly believe that television has more positive effects than negative effects .	1
2932	 There are two reasons to support my idea .	0
2933	 First of all , television has useful and educational programs .	1
2934	 Not only the up - to - date news , but also there are many programs which has educational purposes .	1
2935	 If children can use those programs wisely , they can learn many information from it .	1
2936	 For example , in Korea , there ' s program called EBS .	1
2937	 It is targeted for children to teenager .	1
2938	 We can study subjects through EBS lecture .	1
2939	 Also , there are many documentary films such as the life of a great man in Korea .	1
2940	 Using those education programs let people get a lot of inspirations instead of having negative effects .	1
2941	 In addition , Tv is helpful to relieve our stresses .	1
2942	 There are many Tv programs such as sports programs .	0
2943	 Many children have a lot of stresses recently , since they have so much pressure about study .	1
2944	 When they are watching sports programs , it ' s easy to relieve those stresses .	1
2945	 As an example , I got too much stress from the school .	1
2946	 So , I was quite aggressive , however .	1
2947	 After I watch the soccer match between Korea and Japan , the stress was gone .	1
2948	 Instead , this soccer match helped me to continue my academic career in the school , since it helped me to relieve my stress .	1
2949	 In conclusion , of course , the television can have violent programs , however , if children can use Tv programs wisely , there are more positive effects than negative effects .	1
2950	 Now that , it has useful and educational programs and quite helpful to relieve stresses for children .	1
2951	 For these reasons , I strongly disagree with the statement that television has negative effects on children .	1
2952	 Businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life	0
2953	 Many entrepreneurs hypothesize that it is safer to hire employees for their entire lives in order to ensure the productivity and efficiency of working .	0
2954	 From my perspective , those assumptions are not only conservative but also out - of - date .	0
2955	 I am biased towards the opposite side that businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life because of the three main crucial reasons .	1
2956	 First and foremost , various ideas and creativity from different people are indispensable for a company to flourish .	1
2957	 The invaluable experience of senior employees can pass down to the young apprentices who get used to new job , but regularly give out creative and novel ideas .	1
2958	 What ' s more , the rapid development in every field nowadays requires precise updates and access to new knowledge .	1
2959	 Therefore , the youngsters are capable of meeting those standards .	1
2960	 More importantly , they have activeness , inventiveness and enterprise which allow them to complete their jobs perfectly .	1
2961	 These vital factors can decide whether the company can thrive or not .	1
2962	 Secondly , the staff soon gets boring with their stable job in such a long time .	1
2963	 At a certain time , they may presume that a securing job is the most important and necessary because they need to earn money to manage their life .	1
2964	 Thereafter , the bulk of them realize that high promotion and competition can assist them to improve their skills and horizons also .	1
2965	 Many people enjoy challenging them because they don not want to be monotonous and passive ones .	1
2966	 The same - old - same - old environment soon makes them depressed , so this situation will have an adverse impact on the enterprise .	1
2967	 Last but not least , the economic crisis and financial recession result in a tremendous increase in unemployment .	1
2968	 In my opinion , the businesses ought to recruit many workers so as to tackle this aching issue .	1
2969	 It enables the jobless to better their life and earn a living .	1
2970	 Furthermore , the factories and companies will have abundant human sources to ensure the pace of manufacture and also devising lots of unique ideas .	1
2971	 In a nutshell , varied characteristics of various people , feeling tired of having the same occupation and solving the unemployed problem drive me to agree with the statement that the employer should not hire the staff for a whole life .	1
2972	 I believe that the brilliant bosses are conscious of the need for giving opportunities to diverse employees .	1
2973	 Childhood is the happiest time of a person ' s life	0
2974	 I agree with the statement that childhood is the happiest period of one ' s life .	1
2975	 It ' s not only the lack of responsibilities and daily struggle that make childhood the happiest time of our lives , but also factors like learning lots of new things every day and freedom to imagine and say what you think .	1
2976	 Starting with our adulthood , we are strictly bounded with our responsibilities in our daily lives .	1
2977	 We are told at what hour we shall wake up , how we shall dress up and how we shall behave .	1
2978	 Every action we make are watched closely and judged by the community .	1
2979	 But during our childhood , though responsibilies exist , we are much more free to do what we would like to .	1
2980	 Being late for school or laughing at a place where you aren ' t supposed to do not have consequences as serious as that would be if you were an adult .	1
2981	 Another great thing about being a child is possibility learning new and interesting things about the world you live in every single day .	1
2982	 Being a child means that you are new in this world and every single thing around you is there to be discovered by you .	1
2983	 There are lots of new facts you can learn , stories you can listen to and things you can see .	1
2984	 Therefore , childhood is the period of time in which a person is surprised most .	1
2985	 Using your imagination and saying what you think freely is another great thing about being a child .	1
2986	 Children are not judged about the things they say as much as the adults , and freedom to express yourself is a very important for developing a colorful imagination .	1
2987	 In adulthood , people are forced to express themselves in boundaries , therefore they are in no way free to think or use their imagination .	1
2988	 Childhood , in several aspects , is the happiest period of our lives .	1
2989	 It ' s not only because of the nature of childhood and children , but also the way our lives are changed when we are adults .	1
2990	 In an ideal world with less boundaries , social judgement and more freedom of thought , things could be different ; but since this is not the case , it seems that we will always be missing our childhood days .	0
2991	 Success and knowledge	0
2992	 Many people think that Past has nothing to do with present , as time never stops , the next generations are completely different from the predecessors .	0
2993	 Although it is true that life changes rapidly , there are many things in the past that we can learn about , such as mistakes , success and knowledge in many fields of study .	1
2994	 First of all , the predecessors ' mistakes are the first thing that we should consider when learning about the past .	1
2995	 As everyone ' s life is too short to risk trying anything without any prepare , we all should learn about other ' s mistakes so that we can avoid making the same ones .	1
2996	 Each mistake , from the smallest to the bigger one , is a treasure of experience , which , if we can make full use of , will make us well - prepared for many complicated situations of our life .	1
2997	 Therefore , past obviously saves ourselves a bunch of failures and times .	1
2998	 Secondly , people ' s success in the past is as significant as those mistakes .	1
2999	 If the predecessors ' mistakes are the indirect way that leads us to the goals , others ' accomplishment can be served as the direct way .	1
3000	 By looking into the ways other people use to achieve their targets , we have the chance to make those mine , put them into practice and , of course , be successful like them .	1
3001	 For instance , Edison ' s statement Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration is still helpful for everyone today , and probably in the future .	1
3002	 Last but not least , the past is the basis in which people can use to develope new knowledge , inventions .	1
3003	 If it had not been for those knowledge in the past , we could never be as modern as today .	1
3004	 How can America be the world ' s leading country if Columbus did not accidentally discover it in his search for India .	1
3005	 How can the comtemporary scientists study the earth ' s gravity without the apple which fall on Newton ' s head .	1
3006	 They are only some of many precious knowledge that the past presents us .	1
3007	 We cannot ignore them in any way .	1
3008	 All in all , the past ' s mistakes , success and knowledge all have crucial impact on people ' s lives today .	1
3009	 We should make full use of the past , instead of ignoring it , for a better and brighter future .	0
3010	 Television destroys communication among friends and family	0
3011	 Television is one of the greatest innovations that we use every day .	0
3012	 Besides , watching television has some cons and at the same time has very good pros .	0
3013	 However , while some people argue that TV has devastated communication among friends and families , I believe it has done the opposite .	0
3014	 I think TV programs are among the popular topics in every day talk as well as a great time for gathering .	1
3015	 In addition Modern TV has smart system that let you be connected with people .	1
3016	 First , it ' s true watching TV take a lot of your day , nevertheless it makes people meet and start a conversation about what they watch at other times like weather forecast and sport programs .	1
3017	 Second , people like having meals while they are watching TV .	1
3018	 Families usually tend to watch television either with each other or friends .	1
3019	 For example my friends and I used to sit together and enjoy watching movies using VHS player at nights .	1
3020	 It was fun and a little bit similar to the cinema .	1
3021	 Third , TV can be one of communication ways .	1
3022	 Moreover , TV can be connected to multimedia devices that have smart operating system like Google TV , WDTV using Skype , tango and other apps .	1
3023	 In addition Teenagers can play games online with their friends ; therefore we can communicate with each other through TV .	1
3024	 To sum up , TV may take some of your time away from your family and friends but it can also make family get together and help to get in conversation .	1
3025	 As well as it ' s one way of recent communications , based on that I think TV helps you to get connected with people .	1
3026	 Parents can help their teenage children prepare for adult life	0
3027	 Nowadays , the society has become exceedingly competitive than ever before , parents have the responsibilitis to teach their children to survive and to be indepedent from them , just as animals teach their offspring skills of finding foods .	0
3028	 Parents can use many methods to guide them to achieve that , for example , asking them to do some housework or clean the rooms by themselves .	0
3029	 In my views , I agree that it is the best way for teenage children to take a part - time job to prepare their adult life for several reasons .	1
3030	 First of all , when children get a job , they are able to earn money by themselves , instead of getting pocket money from their parents .	1
3031	 Thus , it is an oppertunity to learn how to deal with money .	1
3032	 Take me as an example , when I was 16 , I found a job during summer vacation and earned some money by own .	1
3033	 At the beginning of the semester , I was told to buy a text book .	1
3034	 Unfortunately , I spent most of my salary hanging out with my friend .	1
3035	 Therefore , I finally realized that I should learn to make a plan before I spend my money , and that did influence me in my life now .	1
3036	 Secondly , by taking a part - time job , they certainly have to be responsible for anything they have done .	1
3037	 For instance , if a student get a job in a company but he is frequently late for work , the company may reduce his payment or even fire him .	1
3038	 To compare with the school life , they might suffer only a small punishment at school .	1
3039	 Under the circumstances , he will learn that he has to obey the rule and take responsibility for their work .	1
3040	 In conclusion , to help their children to adapt adult life , parents should let them experience it as much as they can .	1
3041	 Due to the reasons given above , to encourage children taking a part - time job is a good choice for them to get prepared for adult life .	1
3042	 Children should grow up in a big city !	0
3043	 It ' s certainly better for children to grow up in a big city .	1
3044	 Of course you need to choose a good neighborhood .	0
3045	 I hold this belief because of two main reasons , academic and social reasons .	1
3046	 Some people thinks that if a child grows up in a big city they will be all day at home at the computer or at the video - game , but this is not true if you live in a neighborhood with other people about your age as I did .	1
3047	 My friends and I used to play soccer , bike , climb trees and do a lot of other stuff every day .	1
3048	 We did play video - games , but that wasn ' t our main activity .	1
3049	 In a big city there are more kinds of people and more things to do .	1
3050	 I have a friend that grew up in the countryside .	1
3051	 He said that he had to study a lot to pass the test to enter the university .	1
3052	 This is another downside of growing up in the countryside .	0
3053	 In a big city you have more qualified teachers and a better access to technology .	1
3054	 Growing up in the countryside is not such a good experience , you won ' t know a lot of people , there are gossips everywhere , and your life will be really limited .	1
3055	 If someday I have children , I ' m absolutely sure that they will grow up in a good neighborhood of a big city and they will be very happy about it .	1
3056	 Parents are the best teachers because they are more special than everybody else	0
3057	 I completely agree that parents are the best teacher .	1
3058	 Children normally think that their parents are somehow special and that makes them the most important people in the children ' s lives .	1
3059	 Firstly , the things that parents say have great power to their child .	1
3060	 More power than any friend or other adult could have .	1
3061	 For example , if someone tells a kid that something is wrong and they shouldn ' t do it , but his father told him / her that it was right , the kid will listen to the father instead of the other person , even if his father is wrong .	1
3062	 Secondly , a child normally spends more time with their parents than with other people , so their parents have more time to teach him / her than anybody else .	1
3063	 They have more contact and more intimacy with their children .	1
3064	 Lastly , children usually mirror themselves on their parents .	1
3065	 That ' s as important thing because even if the parents don ' t intend to teach their children something , they are always observing and learning by themselves .	1
3066	 So , if there is a man that beats his wife and treats her bad , his child probably is going to be rude and treat girls bad .	1
3067	 All in all , I agree that parents are the greatest teachers and I think that they should be very careful with what they say and do in front of their child , because it can define who he is going to be .	1
3068	 Easy preparation of food leads to a better life	0
3069	 The Technology has developed a lot .	0
3070	 With that development , food can be prepared more easily and it can taste a lot better than it used to .	0
3071	 With that change , people ' s lives are a lot better for several reasons .	0
3072	 Some good reasons are about having more time and being able to prepare better food without being a good cook .	0
3073	 Firstly , people normally have lots of things to do .	1
3074	 Because of that , they don ' t have much time to spend in the kitchen .	1
3075	 But being able to prepare a tasty food just putting it into the microwave or into the oven is awesome .	1
3076	 For example , if an engineer needs to make a project , but he needs to deliver it tomorrow , he could save hours preparing a food with the microwave instead of cooking everything from scratch .	1
3077	 Secondly , when someone wants to prepare a good food alone for some reason , some time ago he / she would need to be a very good cook to prepare that food , but nowadays is very easy to prepare a healthy and tasty food .	1
3078	 For example , if a guy wants to prepare a dinner to his girlfriend , he could just buy some food that comes with instructions .	1
3079	 Normally you just need to put it into the oven and wait some time .	1
3080	 All in all , that ease to prepare food has improved people ' s lives .	1
3081	 And that happened mainly because of the development of the technology .	0
3082	 But people should be careful with what they eat , because some industrial foods are very bad for their health , so they should buy only food from well known brands .	1
3083	 Should University education be free for everyone interested ?	0
3084	 A famous proverb ' Knowledge is power ' has demonstrated the value of education .	0
3085	 I believe that universities should provide free of cost education to the interested scholars because now - a - days universities with good name charge high fees and this leads one to think about affordability .	1
3086	 I have observed that many of the interested scholars failed to get the admission in good universities because they have to think about work along with the studies , and this left them with only one choice , which is work .	1
3087	 University is more likely to become a money making business , the issue of affordability has become crucial to the students .	1
3088	 In today ' s world education is getting expensive , and people are tending to apply for self - finance education in order to get the admission .	1
3089	 Whereas , the scholars are facing a lot of difficulties apart from their high requirements of previous education , they has a lot to face the other difficulties and burden while getting admission such as accommodation , food , traveling , clothing , etc .	1
3090	 Moreover , it is hard to get manage two things at a time for instance , working and studying is not an easy job for the scholars , they need to concentrate on their studies .	1
3091	 MPhils and PhDs scholars are probably engage in the research work , which takes their full concentration and surveys .	1
3092	 The idea of free of charge education inspires those scholars who really want to put their efforts and get a degree from best universities .	1
3093	 Therefore , universities have to look over the issues face by most of the scholars ; their message should be spread education , not making money , and motivate those scholars who want to get education .	1
3094	 Their notion should be inspirational in such a way which makes our society educative and increase our literacy rate .	0
3095	 Should professors doing more research or educating students more ?	0
3096	 Although professors in a university are basically teachers who do the most important thing , teaching , we cannot ignore one more influential aspect that they are always busy with , doing research .	0
3097	 In my opinion , a professor should spend more time doing research rather than educating students for a few reasons following .	1
3098	 A professor means a researcher or an expert of a specific science subject .	1
3099	 He or she should always keep the passion in her field so that he or she could push him / herself forward all the time .	1
3100	 And then he or she can do better in teaching works .	1
3101	 For instance , the most impressive professor during my studying in university is Mr . Yang who keeps in researching and reading .	1
3102	 He is also the one who gave us inspiration and taught us the way to study more efficient by ourselves .	1
3103	 All of my classmates gave him a rank of AAA , the excellent teacher .	1
3104	 As for students , we can get what we want to know from textbooks , webs or teachers .	1
3105	 But we can only turn to our professors when we want to take part in a research and to get ourselves promoted .	1
3106	 If a professor doesn ' t get any researching works , he cannot give us the opportunity .	1
3107	 In addition , a professor who is concentrate in his or her research is thinking and creating new ideas all the time .	1
3108	 He or she may stimulate us students to come up with some creative sugesstions .	1
3109	 That is good for both of the professor and students .	1
3110	 Finally , all professors in the university are fortune of the society .	1
3111	 They are the leaders almost in every fields of science , arts , culture and so on .	1
3112	 Without their research , there will be no new technologies come out quickly .	1
3113	 Without their research , there will be more artcrafts being ruined by nothing .	1
3114	 Without their research , there will be less information of our ancestors to be known on the earth .	1
3115	 In conclusion , a professor should do their research all the time during their careers as a teacher in university .	1
3116	 And it ' s worth to spend more time on it than on teaching .	0
3117	 Television and Movies influence our lives both negatively and positively	0
3118	 There is no doubt that television or movies influence people ' s behavior and they influence us in both bad ways and good ways .	0
3119	 But I think in general television and movies influence our behavior in bad ways more than in good ways .	1
3120	 They make people to eat more rubbish food , spend less time with their friends and family , and be someone that are not themselves .	1
3121	 There are a lot of people eating foods or snacks when they are watching television .	1
3122	 Most of the foods they eat are fat foods like chips or pizzas .	1
3123	 It is not rocket science to know that these foods are not good for people ' s health .	1
3124	 Many companies know about this behavior and use advertisements on television to make people buy more of these foods .	1
3125	 In turn , people will consume these rubbish foods more and we have to deal with a lot of fat diseases .	1
3126	 Television and movies also make people to spend more time on their couch than with their family and friends , especially children .	1
3127	 They communicate less with their parents because a lot of their time is used watching television and movies .	1
3128	 When people are watching television or movies together , they also talk less to each other , compare to when playing social games , such as parlor games , together .	1
3129	 Television and movies nowadays contain a lot of advertisements .	0
3130	 These advertisements build ideal images that make people to feel bad about themselves and want to be more like these images .	1
3131	 When people see beautiful women and men on the advertisements , they think that they are ugly .	1
3132	 Thus they spend a lot of money to buy a lot of beauty products or go to gym to get better appearance or body .	1
3133	 When a cool hero characters in a movie smokes and yet a lot of people like him , then people who idolize him may also begin to smoke although they don ' t prefer it .	1
3134	 I think television and movies are entertaining but most of the time they influence people ' s behavior in bad ways .	1
3135	 If you want to stay healthy , be yourself and spend time with your family and friends , then you should spend less time watching these media .	0
3136	 Reasons why travelers visit Museums ?	0
3137	 Many people like to visit museums when they travel to new places , other people don ' t like to visit museums .	0
3138	 I personaly tend to visit museums when I ' m in a new place because it ' s good for me know about the culture , tradition and history of other places .	1
3139	 The first reason why people are willing to visit museums when they travel to a new territory is that museums provide a tremendous amount of information about different aspects of the history and culture of that place , as I said back .	1
3140	 And also taking the chance for making friends .	1
3141	 Visit museums can bring you the opportunity to establish relations and knowledge to participate in conversations .	1
3142	 And that kind of knowledge speaks very highly of you .	1
3143	 However , other people visit museums are the most boring expirience of a trip .	1
3144	 My cousin Pedro literaly hates to visit museums but he really enjoyed his visit to the famous London - Madame Tussaud museum , it was kind of art entertainment but also that visit helped him to understand the artist works , and in addition he started to respect and admire other types of arts that offers in other museums .	1
3145	 In coclusion , the museums are a visual source to know the history , tradition and culture of any place in the world .	1
3146	 I think it ' s fun and educational .	1
3147	 A man ' s manner is a mirror that reflects his virtues	0
3148	 Once a celebrity said : A man ' s manner is a mirror that reflects his virtues .	0
3149	 Recently , the social environment we lived with busy noises and crowded spaces in case that people pay less attentions on their behaviors and manners .	0
3150	 They are being rude towards others .	0
3151	 Due to this phenomenon , someone suggests that we should not expect people to be polite to other .	0
3152	 Obviously , I do not agree with such kind of altitudes , the explanations I explored would be stated as following .	0
3153	 First of all , a person with good manner will give others a fine personal impression .	1
3154	 Through those impressions , a person was easily to get acquired with others and blended with the community that surrounded him as soon as possible .	1
3155	 For example , I worked in a new company , if I am a guy with good manners and treating everyone well , my new colleagues will accept me , even then I will be approved by the employers .	1
3156	 In opposite situation if I am being rude , I can not get along well with each other .	1
3157	 Finally , I will be fired and have no other choice but lost my job .	1
3158	 Secondly , people will get respect from politeness within each other .	1
3159	 Politeness and tender words not only can help the speaker to earn a good reputation but also that encourage the listeners who were in need .	1
3160	 A successful corporation must have a relationship with respect and pleasure .	1
3161	 There are many more facts have improved that people with politeness are easily to be succeed , because from their behaviors , they made their partners or opponents to find their own individual dignity .	1
3162	 Finally , the society needs a civilized environment and orders .	1
3163	 And a degree of social civilization depend on its people ' s qualities .	1
3164	 In order to create a better living environment for ourselves and our offsprings , our behaviors must be asked with politeness and good manners .	1
3165	 Benefit from those effective measures , there may be an obvious effect on the reducing of criminal rate .	1
3166	 All in all , I suppose that people should be polite to others in a such busy and crowded world .	1
3167	 Your job has more effect on your happiness than your living environment does	0
3168	 With the development of the economy , people become more and more rich .	0
3169	 They start to pay attention to mental requirement like happiness .	0
3170	 While I accept that job can offer happiness to some people , I believe that living environment is more important than job for most of us .	1
3171	 Admittedly , job can bring us happiness .	1
3172	 People can receive a sense of values and respected from job .	1
3173	 If people receive respect from others , they will feel achievement and self - confidence .	1
3174	 In addition , job can provide money to us .	1
3175	 However , people should concern more about their living environment than job .	1
3176	 First , for most of us , job is only a tool to maintain our lives .	1
3177	 Few people can feel happiness from their job because they have to continue to work more than 30 years .	1
3178	 For example , Workers in the FOXCONN factory , which is the main manufacture of APPLE Company , just repeat one action more than 8 hours every day .	1
3179	 These labor works cannot provide workers with a lot of happiness because they feel tired and frustrated after long hour work .	1
3180	 Second , beautiful environment is one of basic physiological needs , which are the most fundamental requirements for people .	1
3181	 Without beautiful environment , people are not able to feel happiness and will fell anxiety .	1
3182	 Nowadays , the fast development of economy is gradually destroying our environment very quickly .	1
3183	 Factories released a huge amount of wasters into river and soil .	1
3184	 In order to build city and factory , people destroy huge forests .	1
3185	 In China , some residents who live in nearby some toxic factories became sick because these factories release a lot of toxic water and wasters into environment around people .	1
3186	 Even though local residents benefits from an increasing number of jobs which are provided by those factories , they cannot feel happiness from high - paying job yet because most of them suffer from cancer or other diseases .	1
3187	 In conclusion , it is far better to protect our living environment rather than focus on job or work since the goal people is for good livers .	1
3188	 Television has more bad than good in respect of bonds with family and friends	0
3189	 There are many interesting programs on television which anyone can enjoy at little cost .	0
3190	 Compared to other hobbies such as going to theater or going to sports stadium , it is a very cost - effective hobby that gives viewer quiet a few indirect experiences .	0
3191	 However , from my point of view , television has more bad than good because it has made people not to have conversation each other .	1
3192	 To begin with , television shows make people forget what is really important .	1
3193	 One who has favorite programs tends to be obessed with them when they are on air .	1
3194	 Thus , they cannot make appointment or go out with their family or friends at that time since they think the programs are so crucial to their lives .	1
3195	 One of my friends , for example , once cancelled an appointment to play basketball with in order to watch the favorite television show Infinete Challenges .	1
3196	 This is not only about basketball , but also about our friendship , which depends on how often we meet and have a chance to talk to each other .	1
3197	 That is , watching television alone at home , my friend lost the opportunity to increase cohesion between us .	1
3198	 Moreover , even when people watch television together , there is no chance for them to have conversation in front of television .	1
3199	 Watching television program together is not that different from watching same program alone .	1
3200	 Thus , it is not good for them to watch television if they want to improve their sense of closeness .	1
3201	 To illustrate my point , it is reported that most of people don ' t converse with their family when they are watching television together .	1
3202	 It is natural they behave in that way because television shows don ' t require any participation .	1
3203	 In conclusion , I firmly believe that it is detrimental to communication among members in group , family or friends or whatever , to sit in front of television and just stare forward .	1
3204	 It is because television not only makes people be obsessed with it but also makes their mouth close .	1
3205	 Haste makes waste	0
3206	 This saying is stating that every fast and not well thought decision is a wasted one .	1
3207	 In my opinion , this statement is completely true , for these few reasons :	0
3208	 For one thing , making a quick decision means that it ' s not very thought out , and that it hasn ' t been checked from all its aspects .	1
3209	 Consequently , making quick decisions leads to probable bad results .	1
3210	 For example : if someone decided to quit his job without really thinking about the alternative , or a plan B , he could end up being unemployed , because of his speedy decision .	1
3211	 In addition , making a rushed decision could also mean that the person is missing out on a potential opportunity .	1
3212	 In another word , if this person had waited and thought his decision through he wouldn ' t have missed out on the job opening in the same firm , but at a different position .	1
3213	 Hence , he wouldn ' t have been unemployed .	1
3214	 Not to mention , that hasty decisions , not only goes to waste , but also , could affect the entire life of the person .	1
3215	 To put it differently , is that after this person has quit his job and became unemployed , he can no longer pay his bills nor buy what he needs for his everyday needs , thus , his life had taken a turn to the worst .	1
3216	 As can be seen from this , is that a hurried decision is almost never a good one .	1
3217	 That ' s why one should always study his decision carefully and slowly , to ensure that the decision that the person is making is the best for him .	0
3218	 People are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time	0
3219	 Nowadays the automobile is one of the most significant forms of transportation in everyday life .	0
3220	 Many people own cars and use them daily , which clearly shows how important they are .	0
3221	 Generally speaking , I definitely agree with the statement that cars have improved modern life , for several reasons .	1
3222	 Firstly , people are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time , which leads to numerous advantages .	1
3223	 For example in relationships .	0
3224	 Many people are now able to maintain relationships over great distances because they can visit each other regularly by using their vehicle .	1
3225	 From my personal experience I recall that my car has always been a great help to see my childhood friends very often although I lived in another city .	1
3226	 I was also able to establish a relationship with a man living 89 kilometers away .	1
3227	 Thanks to my car we could see each other at the weekends and are still a happy couple today .	1
3228	 Without my automobile we would probably not have been able to develop a relationship .	1
3229	 In addition , cars increase the chance of employment because people are able to drive to work and can work further away from home .	1
3230	 Furthermore , they are more flexible .	1
3231	 My father for example has always been working all around Germany and because of that earned more money .	1
3232	 He used his car to drive to the other end of the country , worked there during the week and came home for the weekend .	1
3233	 If he had no car , he wouldn ' t be able to see his family at the weekends so for him his automobile is a great benefit - not only in financial but also in social terms .	1
3234	 Finally , the automobile allows people to travel more often and thus get to know the world .	1
3235	 If people do not own cars they are likely to stay in their hometown or village most of their life .	1
3236	 They are mainly using public transport and are thus limited in accessing certain areas .	1
3237	 There are still places in nearly every country in the world that cannot be reached by public transportation and can only be visited by car .	1
3238	 As a result , people who own a vehicle have greater access to more places and will see more of the world .	1
3239	 In conclusion , the above stated reasons clearly outweigh the fact that cars cause a lot of pollution because they provide flexibility , which is important in nearly all areas of life .	1
3240	 Travelling , social life and employment are highly dependent on the flexibility of a person and there is nothing in the world that makes more flexible than an own car .	1
3241	 Choosing the job that is similar to parents ' jobs could benefit to one ' s career	0
3242	 When choosing a job , one need to consider it thoroughly .	0
3243	 Whether to choose a job which is similar to parents ' job or not , different people may hold different opinions .	0
3244	 As far as I am concerned , I think choosing the job that is similar to parents ' jobs could benefit to one ' s career .	1
3245	 First of all , as parents are involved in the same environment , they could thus support much more to their children , such as domain knowledge and industry - related information .	1
3246	 For example , my father is a software programmer , and he indeed teaches me a lot in programming and some computer knowledge .	1
3247	 Whenever I met a difficulty , I would reach him for consulting .	1
3248	 Because he has many experiences , I could save enormous time in finding solution .	1
3249	 This truly makes me more competitive than my colleagues .	1
3250	 If I worked in the different field from my father , I would have faced much difficulty than I do now .	1
3251	 Nevertheless , since parents have worked in tens of years , they have accumulated a rich network in a certain industry .	1
3252	 They have a deep insight in it and could provide much support to their children .	1
3253	 For instance , they know which company has better welfare or provides better education .	1
3254	 Moreover , their friends in the same industry can even help to write recommendation letters to some certain companies .	1
3255	 It is undoubted that a good recommendation letter is extraordinary important in this competitive society .	1
3256	 When others are still struggling in preparing their resume , one with a good recommendation letter has already passed the first stage in the interviewing process .	1
3257	 Some may argue that as time is different , the condition of job market is completely different .	1
3258	 Therefore , choosing a job similar to one ' s parents ' is not always a correct decision .	1
3259	 I agree with this opinion to some extent , but when it comes to the trend , no one can predict it correctly .	1
3260	 The condition of job market changes enormously fast like a flash , so that there is no way to predict any job can be popular for 30 years or more .	1
3261	 In considering whether one should choose a job similar to his or her parents ' , I have mentioned a few reasons that one can get more support from his or her parents if they are in the same industry .	1
3262	 I believe parents can lead their children to a more smooth career path .	1
3263	 Should parents limit their children watching TV to make them do well in school ?	0
3264	 In 19th century , television is one of an significant inventions and has become a indispensible appliance in every house .	0
3265	 For its accessible and containing fancy programs , television attracts audiences from a wide range of age and background .	0
3266	 Children , who are addicted to TV , causes broad argument about whether they should be limited in watching television in amount of time .	0
3267	 As far as I am concerned , I agree with that children should be forbidden in watching television or movies excessively .	1
3268	 First of all , children generally have weak self - control , and thus they lose their time easily .	1
3269	 Watching TV for a long time without doing homework is one of major headaches that most of children have brought to their parents .	1
3270	 I , in my childhood , was just a typical case .	0
3271	 Whenever I back to home from school , the first thing I would do is turning on the television and sit there for hours .	1
3272	 I could watch TV for hours , but I could hardly sit in front of my desk to do homework for few minutes .	1
3273	 I could memorize all channels that TV programs was playing , but I could barely memorize any word on the textbook .	1
3274	 I , therefore , did extremely bad at school due to the lack of studying .	1
3275	 Moreover , sometimes programs on TV are full of violence and sex which are harmful to children .	1
3276	 Children are not mature enough to make a judgment of what is good or bad , therefore they are likely to imitate the behaviors on TV out of their curiosity .	1
3277	 Recently , more and more children smoke because they imitate actors ' behaviors on TV or movies .	1
3278	 What ' s even worse , according to some statistics , there are more and more children have violent tendency , and the reports attribute this to TV programs and movies .	1
3279	 It is obvious that there are many programs on TV or movies that are harmful to children in metal and physical health .	1
3280	 How can anyone expect children could do well at school if they have those abnormal behaviors ?	0
3281	 Admittedly , in concerning the social relationship with peers , some may support that children should watch TV and movies for their rich contents that could give children some topics in conversation .	1
3282	 I agree with this viewpoint to some extent .	0
3283	 However , it doesn ' t mean that children should do it overtime and without being taken care what they are watching .	1
3284	 In considering whether the time children watching on TV or movies should be constrained , I hold a strongly positive point of view toward this issue .	1
3285	 Because children are poor at time management , and are less mature to make a good judgment , they cannot be too serious to be taken care when watching TV and movies .	1
3286	 Should we pay professional athletes ( entertainers ) a high salary ?	0
3287	 Professional athletes and entertainers earn a huge amount of money that is hard to imagine .	0
3288	 Most of the people spending their whole life can never achieve this .	0
3289	 This salary gap between those famous people and us leads to a question - do those professional athletes and entertainers deserve this money ?	0
3290	 From my prospect , I believe that they do deserve this high payment .	1
3291	 First of all , a worker ' s salary can properly reflect his / her competence and value on his / her career .	1
3292	 Therefore , those who are paid high salaries must exceed others and achieve something incredible in certain ways .	1
3293	 They are not paid for no reason .	1
3294	 As we are now live in a competent world , we must show ourselves to be great enough so as to convince the employer that we deserve a better payment .	1
3295	 It ' s all the same in every profession .	1
3296	 That ' s why the richest athletes usually correspond to the greatest athletes in their fields , namely Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods .	1
3297	 Second , such high salaries can also guarantee and support the athlete ' s great performances .	1
3298	 Most of us only see the luxurious side of a rich athlete and ignore how may difficulties they ' ve gone through and how much cost they ' ve thrown into investing themselves .	1
3299	 They shall reap within their high salaries .	1
3300	 In other words , if they are not paid high enough in order to conform to their performances , there might not be such brilliant performances for us to be amazed .	1
3301	 Some people might argue that the gap between the rich athletes and normal people is so huge that it seems to be unfair .	1
3302	 However , in my opinion , as long as everyone has equal chances to pursue his / her dreams and careers , that would be fair .	1
3303	 Fairness is not about equal payments for everyone , but equal chances to acquire the same goal or accomplishment .	1
3304	 In conclusion , high salary for athletes is what they deserve in accordance with their own achievements and also a guarantee for quality performances .	1
3305	 It is a positive encouragement for many more talented people to contribute to the world of athletics and entertainment , giving us awesome performances to enjoy .	1
3306	 People who can ' t accept others ' criticism can ' t succeed in group working	0
3307	 In everyday life we encounter different people , and we receive different opinions about us or our works , no matter positive or negative .	0
3308	 It might be easy to take praises but hard to accept criticism .	0
3309	 Therefore , here goes the point that people who can ' t accept others ' criticism can ' t succeed in group working .	1
3310	 Personally , I agree with this statement .	0
3311	 First , the core of group working is consensus .	1
3312	 It ' s the idea that everyone ' s opinion accounts .	1
3313	 In group works , group members gather together to have brain - storming discussion , think over every possible solutions and then finally reach an agreement .	1
3314	 In this long process of discussion , there must be different opinions sparkling out .	0
3315	 It doesn ' t work if one member solely insists on his / her idea and doesn ' t take other member ' s criticism because the work belongs to every member , not a personal show for specific one member .	1
3316	 It ' s every member ' s duty to respect other ' s opinion .	1
3317	 Second , taking criticism is a virtue as you take someone ' s opinion that is against you .	1
3318	 Even if you are not working in a group , you still need to take others ' criticism .	1
3319	 Criticism definitely hurts because it points out your drawbacks and forces you to confront them .	1
3320	 However , criticism can help you detect those drawbacks and fix them if you are willing to take it .	1
3321	 Those who don ' t even take a word of criticism will eventually lose chances to get improved .	1
3322	 In other words , if you can ' t take any criticism , not only will you fail in cooperating with other people , but also get defeated in personal works .	1
3323	 As one Chinese idiom goes : The good medicine tastes bitter .	1
3324	 Criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal .	1
3325	 However , some people might ask : what if the criticism proves to be wrong ?	0
3326	 What if that I was at first right but the seemingly reasonable criticism led me to the wrong direction ?	0
3327	 Doesn ' t insistence also a good character ?	0
3328	 In my point of view , even if you are right , criticism is still helpful because in this case it not only is a fixer , but it also serves as a practice to test you how much you know about your work .	1
3329	 Taking criticism doesn ' t necessary mean that you have to take it all .	1
3330	 You should have your own judgments too !	1
3331	 And it ' s kind of art to make the best use of criticism .	1
3332	 In conclusion , criticism is essential especially in group working but in other occasions we still need criticism .	1
3333	 It ' s just like a picky mirror through which we can see the bad side of us and thus try to become more beautiful and confident .	0
3334	 How teachers can make the subject interesting to students !	0
3335	 There are many ways of teaching .	0
3336	 Some people believe that strictly and carefully presenting theories in the class is the best way of teaching , while others assert that involving applications on that theory will be more convincing .	0
3337	 In my opinion , I agree with the second idea that the best way for teachers to make students more interested in a subject is to explain how that subject can help and apply to their lives outside school .	1
3338	 First of all , by explaining how the subject contributes to daily life , students will have vivid impression on that subject thus become more interested and active in acquiring the knowledge on that subject .	1
3339	 Take chemistry for example , merely memorizing the names of the substances and the structural formulas seems to be very boring , while representing where and how those chemical reactions really happen near students will raise their curiosity and lead them to digest those theories learned from the class .	1
3340	 While I was in senior high school , my chemical teacher once showed us how the detergent dissolves oil by an experiment and later on taught us how to describe this process with formal structural formulas .	1
3341	 This type of learning method is more fun and eventually the results are good .	1
3342	 I connected the visual images of that experiment with the formula and I barely forget , even though now I ' m not studying chemistry anymore .	1
3343	 Second , by bridging the theories with daily life events , students are given the chance to apply knowledge to their lives and develop their own ability of problem - solving .	1
3344	 This will address students ' interests because it ' s the assignment that needs real life participation .	1
3345	 For example , in law class , students are informed their rights and duties and they are taught how they can apply law to different situations that might happen upon them .	1
3346	 When any one of the situations occurs , they can think independently and figure out how to react .	1
3347	 In conclusion , using life experiences and examples to demonstrate the knowledge on a subject is an effective way to attract students ' attention and keep them eager on learning , not only because it reinforces students ' impression on the knowledge but also invites students to practice the knowledge out on their own .	1
3348	 Environmental protection vs Economic developments	0
3349	 Environmental protection and economic developments might be the biggest issues in the 21st century .	0
3350	 They are both important because they are vital to human ' s future and welfare .	0
3351	 However , since the budget and the recourse are limited , governments must choose between these two issues .	0
3352	 In my opinion , I believe that tackling down environmental problems is of the first priority rather than economic developments .	1
3353	 The following are reasons why .	0
3354	 First , environmental protection is far more urgent than economic developments .	1
3355	 All the living creatures live together on our mother Earth and she is the only one .	1
3356	 Without Earth , whatever great civil constructions and economic achievements will end up in vain because we will all perish as she ' s gone .	1
3357	 Just like a man that needs a healthy body , all the living creatures as a whole needs a strong planet as well .	1
3358	 Second , the influence on environmental problems are boarder and more profound than economic issues .	1
3359	 Environmental problems are global rather than local , which means that no countries can be spared from these problems .	1
3360	 Take global warming for example , when the temperature increases , the whole globe is affected , suffering the hotter weather together .	1
3361	 The melting ice mountain not only jeopardizes habitats of animals living in the polar region , but its effects of the rising sea level also endangers the residents living in the small island near the equator , since the rising sea water could drown them .	1
3362	 Environmental issues can not be divided by nationality because all humans are simply entwined together by our only home - Earth .	1
3363	 Some people might argue that economic issues are global and critical as well thus can not be put aside .	1
3364	 They may say that if the economic is in a very bad situation , people would revolt instantly , while environmental problems seem to be more like chronic diseases that would not burst out right away .	1
3365	 However , the truth is that we ' ve been encountering so many sighs and warnings of global climate anomalies and other environmental crisis right now .	1
3366	 It would be unwise to still deny the truth and keep focusing on economic developments and unfortunately , usually the economic developments are even the causes of environmental damages .	1
3367	 In conclusion , environmental conservation is more essential than economic developments in the aspects of urgency and ranges of influence .	1
3368	 As mentioned in the second paragraph , how can a man live happily if he is unhealthy ?	0
3369	 Similarly , how can we live safely and joyfully when our home is devastated by , ironically , by ourselves ?	0
3370	 University students should attend classes or not ?	0
3371	 In university education , students are given much independence in the ways of learning .	0
3372	 Some students still rely on classes to keep up with the courses , while some students don ' t feel the need to attend classes because they believe that they can handle the exams .	0
3373	 These different ideas of learning methods lead to a question whether it is necessary for university students to attend the class as long as they can pass their examinations .	0
3374	 In my opinion , I believe that students should always attend class no matter what the outcome of the exam is .	1
3375	 First , in terms of learning , attending class is more effective than simply studying alone to pass the exams .	1
3376	 Classes are designed diligently for the students and professors absolutely bear more knowledge than the students .	1
3377	 Professors not only have the knowledge , but also equip with experiences , knowing how to guide their students toward their academic achievements .	1
3378	 Second , it ' s students ' basic responsibility to attend class .	1
3379	 Attending class is the most persuasive way for the students to show respect to the professor as well as themselves .	1
3380	 Many professors grade their students with class attendances .	1
3381	 In other words , class attendances are regarded as critical as examination performances .	1
3382	 Those who even achieve high scores on exams could fail if they didn ' t show up in the classes .	1
3383	 Some people might argue that if students already understand the contents on the class enough to pass the exams or they can study the course on their own .	1
3384	 Why wasting time going to classes ?	0
3385	 Doesn ' t self - study more efficient ?	0
3386	 However , in my opinion , this is a rather immodest way of thinking .	1
3387	 I believe that professors can always give students more than students themselves could because of the experiences and their qualifications as professors .	1
3388	 Besides , even if students believe that they are so brilliant to surpass their professors , they can still go to the classes to discuss with professors and classmates .	1
3389	 In conclusion , students can learn more thoroughly as well as showing respect for professors and themselves through attending classes .	1
3390	 It ' s an essential learning process .	1
3391	 Passing the exams is not the terminal purpose of learning .	0
3392	 The learning process itself , however , is the most important and powerful way of evaluating a student .	0
3393	 Sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own	0
3394	 Different people prefer different styles of learning .	0
3395	 I think both learning by myself and learning with a teacher could be helpful .	1
3396	 Learning with a teacher can prevent one from being confused and increase the rate and speed of learning .	1
3397	 Another important point is that for practical subjects you have to have a teacher .	1
3398	 On the other hand , sometimes I would rather learning on my own .	1
3399	 A good and experienced teacher can help me learn faster and easier .	1
3400	 Sometimes when learning a course by myself which is hard and confusing to understand and has few sources available , I get discouraged after spending a lot of time .	1
3401	 In this situation , I ' ll look for a teacher and request for help from him or her .	1
3402	 And then he or she will teach me the course efficiently in a short time and therefore I will learn faster and better and won ' t get discouraged and confused .	1
3403	 There are some practical subjects that you can only learn them with a teacher or an instructor .	1
3404	 For example , if you want to learn driving a car or some jobs like medicine and engineering and some sports like skiing and swimming , you ' ll have to find a teacher .	1
3405	 It ' s almost impossible and inefficient to learn those things on your own .	1
3406	 By the way , if you are going to learn some things by yourself , you may learn and understand them incorrectly !	1
3407	 For example , from my own experiences , after I had started learning playing the guitar without a teacher , I got used to wrong habits regarding strumming and tempo , but after finding and learning with a tutor and identifying and eliminating those incorrect habits , I was able to play properly .	1
3408	 There are some things that I prefer to learn them without a teacher because I won ' t have to spend extra money for a teacher and my time will not be wasted either because of going to classes .	1
3409	 In today ' s world there are many great and useful sources available like books , electronic books , the internet and TV and satellite .	1
3410	 I can utilize them as tutorials for many things .	1
3411	 For instance , I can learn English or other languages by a lot of helpful books and many online websites .	1
3412	 In sum , sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own .	1
3413	 In my view , both can help and each of them has its own advantages and disadvantages .	1
3414	 Once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success	0
3415	 Achieving success is everybody ' s goal for life and there are absolutely many different directions that can lead people to success .	0
3416	 Some people choose to be normal to wait for chances , while some other people prefer to be different from everyone else .	0
3417	 Which one is the promising way to succeed ?	0
3418	 In my opinion , I believe that once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success .	1
3419	 First , being positively different from everyone else usually means that you ' ve achieved something that is superior than others .	1
3420	 As living in a competent world , we are like playing a survival game .	1
3421	 Only who has the sharpest weapon can survive .	1
3422	 If you don ' t make yourself outstanding enough or you fail to distinguish yourself from others , you will be easily replaced and eliminated by someone who is better than you .	1
3423	 Take myself for example , when I was in college , I was always chosen to be the presenter of group report because I was the only one in my group who could present the report thoroughly and fluently .	1
3424	 Second , being unique can create your own value which can never be taken by others .	1
3425	 In other words , once you are special and unique , pursuing success is a matter of actively creating the fashion rather than passively waiting for other people to recognize and appreciate you .	1
3426	 Take the most popular and prestigious technology company - Apple - for example .	1
3427	 The reason why it gains such a tremendous success is because it achieves some brilliant qualities that can never be caught up by other competitors .	1
3428	 It has its operating systems that can run smoother than any other companies and its design always wins the popularity among consumers .	1
3429	 It is the uniqueness of Apple design that creates its own value .	1
3430	 In conclusion , being different and unique is the better way to achieve success .	1
3431	 It not only shows your competence but also creates your own value , making you take the lead in your way towards success .	1
3432	 Younger school children should study art and music	0
3433	 Undoubtedly , math , language , science and history are all extremely important subjects in student ' s education since these subjects provide students the basic understanding of the world .	0
3434	 Therefore , some people assert that there is no need to learn other subjects for younger students .	0
3435	 Nevertheless , the art and music , from my point of view , are also essential for younger student ' s future life because those subjects help students learn this planet from another perspective and they can release people from the enormous pressure nowadays .	1
3436	 In this case , I would definitely agree that the art and music should be required to study .	1
3437	 First of all , art and music would broaden student ' s horizon and therefore make them thoughtful .	1
3438	 It is well known that the art and music are not bound by country border , and they are something that is shared by the people from every parts of this world and is symbols of various cultures .	1
3439	 Under this circumstance , learning art and music enables students to appreciate the fruits of eminent artists and musicians and to feel the fascination of different cultures .	1
3440	 For instance , students are able to feel the greatest music masterpiece in Euopren as the symphony of destiny - Beethoven ' s most notable workpiece is played .	1
3441	 In addition , studying art and music is also the appropriate outlets of stress and superb ways to relax .	1
3442	 Obviously , with the improvement of life rhythm , people have currently suffered too much pressure from their studies or jobs , and these pressure are likely to destroy one person if he cannot find a way to emancipate himself .	1
3443	 Art and music are , of course most accessible tools for modern people to liberate themselves from the extremely stressful life .	1
3444	 When enjoying one piece of brilliant paintings , such as the Mona Lisa , people would put all their pressure down on the ground and just think about what the most proficient and mysterious smile in this world stands for .	1
3445	 At this moment , they would totally involve in the ocean of art and their stressful nervous would be relieved .	1
3446	 Apparently , this sense towards art is built on the initial study on the art .	1
3447	 Admittedly , the study of art and music is supposed to rely on younger student ' s own interest .	1
3448	 The education of art and music would not work if students resist it .	1
3449	 Thus , the school should replace some basic science class with some art and music class in order to cultivate student ' s interest of art without adding extra study pressure .	1
3450	 In a nutshell , in the modern society , since understanding of the lengthen and depth of the world is important and meanwhile people have burdened excessive pressure , younger students ' art and music education should not take the second place .	1
3451	 Challenges are different from generation to generation	0
3452	 While debating about generation issues , people always have different opinions .	0
3453	 Some people believe that little things changed through generation , while others claim that generation differences are presented in every way .	0
3454	 In my opinion , I believe that every prospective between generations alters and especially the challenges for this generation are significantly different from the last generation .	1
3455	 First , under globalization and industrial integration , the work - related challenges for this generation are getting more complicated and challenging .	1
3456	 The successful people are those who can quickly respond to this rapid - changing world .	0
3457	 In the past , focusing on one skill was enough to deal with the problems because every industry was rather small in size and simple to manage .	1
3458	 However , as those industries expand and become internationalized , people are required to equip with multiple skills to answer those challenges .	1
3459	 For example , now there are more chances to do business with people around the world , so besides one ' s own profession , language ability is essential as well .	1
3460	 For another example , financial crimes are rampant in the 21st century , thus surging up demands for those who excel at both laws and financial management .	1
3461	 Second , this generation is encountering the self - recognition issue which could not be experienced by the previous generation .	1
3462	 The past generation was given less freedom and was usually asked to follow the paths their parents had prepared for them .	1
3463	 In contrast , young people in this generation are exposed to more creative ideas and rather think individually .	1
3464	 They are eager for finding who they are and what they really want .	1
3465	 It is fortunate that they can struggle with these sweet worries and these worries are indeed never easy for them .	1
3466	 They have to make decisions between so many possibilities and they are responsible for taking the consequences .	1
3467	 In conclusion , challenges for this generation are more complicated and diverse than the past generation , whether in career or in self - identification .	1
3468	 It is hard to judge which generation ' s problems are more difficult but it is no doubt that until the next generation , there will be whole new challenges waiting for the next youngsters .	1
3469	 Whether it is better to have broad knowledge or not	0
3470	 Views differ considerably when it comes to the issue of whether having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .	0
3471	 Some people believe that having a broad knowledge can give you a higher chance to success , while others think that professional in a specific subject is the key to enroll a success .	0
3472	 Both of the opposite arguments appear to be somewhat convincing and stand to reason .	0
3473	 As far as I am concerned , having a large scale of different knowledge is the key to success .	1
3474	 The following will present my points .	0
3475	 First of all , when one knows different region ' s works , it will help one to get a friend much easier .	1
3476	 For example , I worked in a large company , which has many different departments .	0
3477	 I was in the Management Information System department .	0
3478	 What we do every day is to solve the problem that our clients asked in the phone .	0
3479	 While some of the problems are the Engineering department ' s part , I went there and discussed with the colleagues there , since I have studied some of the engineering courses .	1
3480	 It is much easier for us to contact than any other person in my department , which made me popular there , and much easier to get the help that I need .	1
3481	 Second , when you want to translate your major , it is important to know some of the things about different fields .	1
3482	 Take my cousin Jeff and his friend as an example .	0
3483	 They majored in financing when they were in college .	0
3484	 But , they decided to enroll in the art system after graduated .	0
3485	 Thanks to Jeff ' s hard working during his leisure time , he learned a lot about the history of art .	1
3486	 Things ended up that he joined in a great team , while his friend who only knew financing issues can do nothing but worked in a bank .	1
3487	 Although I agree with the idea that knowing different fields is important .	0
3488	 I think I still have to point out that there are some different points of view .	0
3489	 People who hold different opinion may argue that if one can ' t success one ' s own major , what else things he can do in different filed .	1
3490	 Of course , it may be true when talking about this topic .	0
3491	 However , what if one finally find out him or her has the talent in other filed .	1
3492	 In this way , it won ' t be a problem at all .	0
3493	 In conclusion , given the reasons described above , when the advantages and disadvantages of whether having the knowledge in different fields is better or not are carefully compared .	0
3494	 The best choice is obviously stand on my side , which is that a broad knowledge of different subjects is really important .	1
3495	 Successful people try new things and take risks	0
3496	 I have my own reasons why I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks .	0
3497	 There are many viewpoints regarding what the main characteristics of successful people are .	0
3498	 In my opinion , one of the main reasons for supporting this statement is that successful people can learn important and very valuable points from trying new things .	1
3499	 The other reason is that great success requires taking great risks .	1
3500	 There are always interesting and useful experiences that successful people can learn them only by trying new things .	1
3501	 For example , if you want to know how to act effectively when communicating with people , you can try something new like salesmanship in various stores and places .	1
3502	 By selling goods or other commodities you will face different people with different behaviors and personalities and as a result you will learn how to behave people in different situations and jobs in the future .	1
3503	 These experiences can only be obtained by trying new things and can ' t be always found in books .	1
3504	 I do believe that great success requires taking great risks .	1
3505	 If you want to gain very high profits in investments , you should use great and very high amounts of money in very risky financial decisions and dealings in which you may lose much amount of money .	1
3506	 If you want to achieve a remarkable success in an important exam , you should risk studying all the time and sacrificing your free time and your favorite hobbies .	1
3507	 The more you take risks , the greater your successes will be .	1
3508	 If you don ' t take any risks , you will have an ordinary life with average successes .	1
3509	 That ' s why it is important to take risks .	1
3510	 In sum , I believe that success and trying new things and taking risks go hand in hand and to achieve success you should consider them .	1
3511	 TV has adverse effects on friends and family	0
3512	 Nowdays there are different resources to entertain , educate and inform people .	0
3513	 One of this resource is television ; however television has some negative effects among some people .	0
3514	 Therefore , I agree that Television has destroyed communication among friends and family .	1
3515	 Some People spend a lot of time watching television , others even eat watching television , and some others make of this media a priority .	1
3516	 First of all , some people spend a lot of time watching television .	1
3517	 Instead of spend time with family and friends , they like to seat on a chair for hours .	1
3518	 I know someone who wakes up in the morning and before even eat he turns the television on , he even records the programs he cannot watch during work hours .	1
3519	 Sometimes his wife wants to talk before they go to work , but he only let her talk during commercials .	1
3520	 So , she is used to his habit that she prefers to write him an email .	1
3521	 Time with the family is gold , some people have to realize that and take quality of time to talk to them .	1
3522	 Another way television has destroyed communication is when some people cannot even seat at the table and have dinner with the family .	1
3523	 This is the time , when if they have children , they can share everything about school , a project and even concerns .	1
3524	 Also , when there is a dinner with friends , some people do not have a fluid conversation because the television is again in between them .	1
3525	 When family or friends gather together to have a good time eating and talking , this is not the reality in some cases .	1
3526	 Finally , some people make the television a priority .	1
3527	 I remember a friend told me one day that because she was watching a telenovela I could not go to her house a certain time during the night .	1
3528	 Honestly , I was in shock !	0
3529	 How she could say that to me ? .	0
3530	 As I have said , television is a great tool to learn , entertain and inform what is happening , but I agree that television has destroyed communication among friends and family as soon as television become a priority , spend a lot of time watching it and eat in front of the television .	1
3531	 Spending equal amount of money on libraries and sports ?	0
3532	 University students can be divided into two groups , one group with less interest to study and the other which include hard working students .	0
3533	 Usually the second group ' s members do not have enough time to do exercise .	0
3534	 We all know doing exercise for at least 30 minutes form the basis of the healthy and happy life .	0
3535	 But I don ' t think that equal amount of money should be spent on academic issues like libraries and laboratories and physical or social activities .	1
3536	 First , in my view spending too much money for equipping the gyms or constructing football / basketball courts are really not necessary to encourage students to do sports .	1
3537	 For example , my roommate , Mary , always wakes up 6 in the morning and spends 1 hour doing sport in the park which is near our dormitory .	1
3538	 When she gets to the dorm , she is really full of energy and after taking a shower , she is ready to start a good day .	1
3539	 As you see , she is doing exercise without spending a cent .	1
3540	 What the university should do is informing the students the benefits of doing sport by hanging some posters in the campus , inviting some athletes to lecture for students and encourage them to spend some time for their body and health .	1
3541	 In addition , students choose their major based on their interests .	1
3542	 The university should provide the best equipment needed for physical education students .	1
3543	 Because their major in completely involved in physical activities .	1
3544	 In contrast , for an engineer or a medicine student I do not find it fair enough to equip gyms instead of their laboratories , because it really make the students enthusiastic to use innovative technology to learn and maybe find new things in their field .	1
3545	 Finally , spending money on social activities looks like wasting money .	1
3546	 For students who want to gather with their friends or want to go out to meet new people , university programs are the last place they would choose .	1
3547	 For example when I and my friends want to spend time with each other , we prefer to go out of university to the places where we do not want to be disturbed by any familiar people .	1
3548	 In conclusion , I do not deny the importance of doing sports in the success of university students , but I think both sports and social activities should not receive equal amount of money with libraries and laboratories .	1
3549	 Ability to Relate Well to people Vs Studying Hard	0
3550	 To agree or disagree the statement that as far as getting a successful job in the future concerned , good ability of relating to people is more crucial than studying hard in the univeirsity is a matter of balancing its pros and cons .	0
3551	 However , if one coniders the issue carefully , he or she may agree the title statement as I do .	0
3552	 First of all , friends is a treasure with respect to either our daylife or our career .	1
3553	 Relating well to people can bring plenty of merits to future job .	1
3554	 Having a good ability of relate to people means you have a number of friends in a variety of fields , imagine when you are in trouble , you have a lot of people who have good relationship with you , so you can ask for your friends to help you solve this problem as soon as possible , even an esy phone call , instend of a series of complex solutions .	1
3555	 Futuermore , no matter who you are a top - level managers of a company or a low - level employee of that company , relating well to people is also a importent issue .	1
3556	 If top - level managers want to make a project successful , have a good relationship with their subordinaries is the prerequisit for the managers ' work complete successfully , managers should listen to their employees needs and complaints about this job , pay much patiant and care to them .	1
3557	 Consequently , make a good relationship with them .	1
3558	 On the other side , if a low - level employee desire to enhance his position , it ' s fairly important to have a good relationship with their boss , only if the employee is considered excellent in his boss ' s eyes , he will be more possible to enhance position .	1
3559	 However , someone may maintain that good specify knowledge is more crucial for future job .	1
3560	 Studying harder in school , getting a good resume and absorbing lots of working knowledge , which can make these graduates more competitive than other applicants in one certain job .	1
3561	 But imagine it , a person who is good at working knowledge but has an poorly relate to people , and a person who has a good ability of relating to people but his working knowledge is less better than the former , which person do you want to be ?	0
3562	 I think majority of people would choose the former because it has more chance than the latter in terms of getting good jobs in the future .	1
3563	 In my point of view , I do really prefer to improve my ability of relating people and make more friends rather than studying hard in school .	1
3564	 It is essential to have ability to plan and organize	0
3565	 With the fast rolling wheels of modern society , life becomes more complex and is not easy to handle than in the past .	0
3566	 Therefore , it is essential for people , especially young ones , to possess the ability to plan and organize since it can improve the efficiency and reduce the crisis of our actions .	1
3567	 Meanwhile , eliminating meaningless actions .	0
3568	 First of all , great planning and organizing ability is able to cause our actions more efficient and productive .	1
3569	 Take myself as an example , I used to be overwhelmed by the burden of preparing for the final exam , submitting my paper , and finishing my internship work at the end of each term .	1
3570	 Yet , in this year , following the suggestion of my roommate , John , I make a to - do list to plan and organize perfectly everything I should get done in the final and hence take every tasks and trivials into control .	1
3571	 This plan ability helps me a lot , making me climb to the top rank of the class while finishing everything else .	1
3572	 Equally important , the capacity to plan and organize also help young people to eliminate the crisis in their actions , which may ruin one ' s whole effort over a very long time .	1
3573	 As we all know , the employees in every company have to create profit as much as they can for their supervisors and complete their assignments perfectly .	1
3574	 If some employees lack the ability to plan and organize ahead , they may get the procrastination and therefore take into action until the deadline is imminent .	1
3575	 However , things have been changing all the time .	0
3576	 For instance , the deadline of task is shifted to an earlier date for the change of company ' s schedule .	1
3577	 In this case , those employees who did not plan and finish their assignments ahead of time perhaps are unable to finish these tasks on time and therefore will be penalized or get fired .	1
3578	 Every employee can not afford this kind of loss .	1
3579	 Finally , some assert that the ability to plan and organize can be learned until obtaining a job .	1
3580	 Thus , it is not need for young people to possess this ability .	1
3581	 Nevertheless , this ability is also essential for young people since young people can overcome their bad habits and fulfill their goals more quickly with this ability .	1
3582	 As searching information on the internet , young people are probably distracted by other attractions such as online games or social webs .	1
3583	 At this circumstances , they would surf on the internet for hours and end up no where .	1
3584	 It is obviously a huge waste of time .	1
3585	 But if they make their plan in the first place , and then stick to their plans , they could get their work done quickly beyond their imagination .	1
3586	 In this complex society , we , young people , are encompassed with multiple tasks , so the ability to plan and organize is undoubtedly a powerful and sharp weapon that we must be armed with .	1
3587	 Students should attend to classes or it should be optional ?	0
3588	 Nowadays , it is often claimed that attending classes has a lot of benefits for students and provide them with a variety of learning opportunities ( options ) as well .	0
3589	 On the contrary to this popular belief , there are still those who subscribe to this view that having a choice for attending classes enable students to study at home and through this way they do not waste their time for commuting and also they can save their money .	0
3590	 However , I am inclined to believe that being present at classes seems a wiser option .	1
3591	 First and foremost , I truly believe that being present at classes provide students with opportunity of communicating with other students that is beneficial for understanding new material by reviewing them throughout the free times in college .	1
3592	 Also , they can help each other for learning materials better .	1
3593	 However , if they do not attend classes they cannot use the help of others for assisting them to comprehend difficult problems .	1
3594	 Another significant fact which should be taken into consideration is that by the help of teachers , students can understand ideas faster and easier since teachers explain them thoroughly in the class and after that give them a lot of examples to clarify the points .	1
3595	 In this way attending classes not only wastes their time but also facilitates their understanding process that takes them less time for comprehending materials in comparison with self - study .	1
3596	 Finally yet importantly , appearing in class makes students more conscientious since they have to obey class ' s disciplines and they practice to be more perseverance in the process of doing their assignments .	1
3597	 However , the ones who choose to study at home do not have any discipline for their studies and cannot force themselves to study in particular times .	1
3598	 Through this way , they may miss some important parts in virtue of the chaotic and incoherent study .	1
3599	 On the basis of the points mentioned above , I convinced that communicating and studying with peer group is a good way for learning materials .	1
3600	 Moreover , teachers have a conspicuous role in assisting students for learning materials that being present at classes is a requisite for benefiting it .	1
3601	 Also , attending to classes makes students more attentive and have them to do their studies on time that this attitude lead them to success .	1
3602	 Telephones and emails have made personal communication less required	0
3603	 There are many advantage of these invention , telephones and email .	0
3604	 Communication between people by using telephones and email made my life easier .	1
3605	 I personally disagree with this notion that these types of communication , telephones and email , made people less personal .	1
3606	 I will give several reasons to support my opinion .	0
3607	 To begin with , telephones and email help people , who live far away from other people , to connect each other .	1
3608	 Unlike email , send message by using mail service could be lost and could be sent to wrong address .	1
3609	 I can using telephones and email to talk or write directly to people I want to connect with .	1
3610	 For example , right now , I am in the U . S .	0
3611	 It is not possible to have conversation in person with my parents , who live in my country .	1
3612	 Consequently , I can make a phone call or write email to my parents whenever I want .	1
3613	 Telephones and email made me feel close to my parents .	1
3614	 Second , using telephones and email could express some important words better than face - to - face communication .	1
3615	 For instant , sometime when I argue with my friends , I cannot express my self to my friends at that moment .	1
3616	 So , when I have a time to realize what had happened , I could explain the real thought that I want to express without emotion .	1
3617	 Thus , these types of communications make me feel personal .	1
3618	 Telephones and email make me feel personal because I could directly connect with people that I love .	1
3619	 Beside , I could express my personal thought through telephones and email .	1
3620	 As a result , I believe that telephones and email do not make communication between people less personal .	1
3621	 Big city vs small town	0
3622	 I highly prefer living in a big city to living in countryside .	1
3623	 The big cities have lots of advantages and facilities over the small towns .	1
3624	 Where a person lives and grow up is very important to his future life , because the environment that a person grow up , build the personality and his / her culture .	1
3625	 There are lots of social places in big cities like restaurants , museums , bars , sporting clubs , cinemas , theatre and etc .	1
3626	 People in big cities have many options to enjoy their life and spend their times with their friends in social places in contrary to people living in small towns who have few choices and at most cases one bar or one cinema to socialize with their friends .	1
3627	 In big cities educational facilities is quite better than small towns with more experienced and profession teachers .	1
3628	 It ' s undisputed that in this modern world education has a very important role in the human kind future life .	1
3629	 Better education results better career and been well paid .	1
3630	 So persons in big cities have more chance to get the better job than people living in small towns .	1
3631	 Also lots of companies placed in big cities and there are more job positions in there than small towns .	1
3632	 But by living in big cities one sacrifices quiet and peaceful life with breathing fresh air and loses much time in traffic and anyway for transportation , because distances in big cities often are too far to pass quickly .	1
3633	 Every technology has it ' s good and bad effects but I prefer having the technologies with their disadvantages to living like 16 century without any of modern facilities of technology .	1
3634	 In addition to what mentioned , medical technologies is completely better in big cities and in my view this profit overcomes all the bad influences of technologies on human kind .	1
3635	 In conclusion , in my view living in big cities is quite funnier and better and more exciting than living in small towns because of many more social places , technologies facilities , better education and medical services .	1
3636	 Which do you prefer : do only what you already do well , or not .	0
3637	 You may love to try new things and take risks even if you aren ' t good at the things .	0
3638	 That may help you expand experiences , look for your personalities and find your new talents .	0
3639	 This ideal , however , doesn ' t necessarily be accomplished .	0
3640	 If not , you might lose another chance that you could use to accomplish other things .	0
3641	 So , I definitely believe that you should focus on what you are good at .	1
3642	 Focusing what you are good at helps you attain your goal .	1
3643	 Without doubt , the more time you spend on what you do well , the more likely to achieve something great you will be .	1
3644	 For instance , Albert Einstein , one of the most competent physicians in history , devoted most of his life to develop theory in physics and finally established special and general relativity .	1
3645	 Instead , he hardly cared about something else .	1
3646	 It is said that , surprisingly , he never tried to distinguish a hand soup and a facial soup because , at least for him , using two different soups properly was quite annoying .	1
3647	 As the example above indicates , you will be more likely to accomplish your purpose by concentrating on what you do well .	1
3648	 If you keep doing what you already do well , you can be better good at it .	1
3649	 When you ' re doing something well , you will feel more satisfied and more interested in it .	1
3650	 Then , you will motivate yourself to do more .	1
3651	 To give an example , I used to be good at math when I was in junior high school .	1
3652	 Because I was really satisfied with the fact that I could do preferably , I became to absorb myself to try more advanced level of math problems .	1
3653	 As a result , I could not only get higher scores in math test but also solve the university - level problems .	1
3654	 Thus , by doing what you are good at , you will be better at it .	1
3655	 In summary , doing what you can already do well helps you make a big accomplishment and do it much better .	1
3656	 Children managing their own money - best way to learn responsibility	0
3657	 One of the best characteristics of a mature adult is responsibility , specially in financially matters .	0
3658	 Actually what is the best way to learn responsibility ?	0
3659	 many people argue about learning their children the financial responsibility in young ages or in adulthood .	0
3660	 I am a kind of person who believes to children should learn to manage their own money at a young age , due to reasons that I stated below .	1
3661	 The first important point that I want to make is that sociologists found that our characteristics and personality forms early in life , even though when we are not borne .	1
3662	 So it is crucial to learn our children as soon as possible to learn financially issues .	1
3663	 To clarify my point I would like to say a memory from my childhood , when I was at age 7 my father gave me monthly money to buy thing that I liked .	1
3664	 First time I spend the whole money to eat at school and my money finished .	1
3665	 I asked my father for extra money , but he refuse to give it to me .	1
3666	 I found that I should manage the way that I spend money .	1
3667	 From then I learned to be economical and now I have every thing I wanted .	1
3668	 Another aspect of learning children to manage their money is on the finance of the family .	0
3669	 If parents get the children all they wanted , they would be run out of their money for their essential needs .	1
3670	 Even in rich families if children did not learn to manage their own money , when they grow up they will become unappreciative and dependent persons who want to just used their parents prosperity .	1
3671	 As a case in point , I had a friend to had a rich and prosperous family , his parent gave him everything he demanded from his childhood .	1
3672	 He became an arrogant person who could not stand on his feet and always asked for money .	1
3673	 His parent tried a lot and hired some experts to learn him manage his financial and carrier life , but unfortunately it was useless .	1
3674	 Finally one night , having fun with his irresponsible friend in his luxuries car , he crashed a truck and died .	1
3675	 Not only did he cause lots of damage to the society property , but also bring sorry to his family .	1
3676	 Although some people argue that children should be free to spend money to they what they want , In my opinion it is very important to learn our children from their beginning of their life to be financially responsible persons , because our personality form in childhood and it is not easy to change it in adulthood .	1
3677	 Dancing plays an important role in a culture .	0
3678	 In every country , people do dance for fun , for entertrain , and for decrease a stress .	0
3679	 Dancing is also one of important parts of culture that represent to something that people believe .	0
3680	 Many cultures do dance to show a great prosperous of its culture .	0
3681	 And also dancing to entertain people .	0
3682	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
3683	 First , dancing are significant part of culture that could show to something that people believe .	1
3684	 For example , some culture people believe that they dance in order to sacrifice to their god so they will be get a happy life .	1
3685	 Or some part of the world that are in arid area believe that if they danced , the rain would come .	1
3686	 Consequently , dancing are the part of people belief .	1
3687	 Secondly , dancing can represent to civilization of that culture .	1
3688	 For instance , I have seen many western movies that when a kingdom have visitor from another kingdom , king or queen would dance to show a splendid of their kingdom culture .	1
3689	 The way of movement , the way that they costume and also a music while they dance .	1
3690	 All this is a civilization of their culture .	1
3691	 Thirdly , many culture , people have many ways to entertain themselves .	1
3692	 And dancing is one of that ways .	1
3693	 Both people who see and dance also have a good time .	1
3694	 For example , many event , such as christmas , last christmas I went to mall to buy gifts , and I was entertained by group of people in santa custom dancing in christmas song .	1
3695	 I felt that people around me happy and group of santas also happy to see people happy .	1
3696	 In conclusion , I strongly agree with notion that dancing is an important part of culture because dancing are represent to believe of people .	1
3697	 Besides , dancing could show how civilization of that culture is .	1
3698	 Moreover , people use dancing to entertain themselves .	1
3699	 So dancing is important in every culture .	1
3700	 The internet provides a lot of valuable information	0
3701	 In the modern society , internet is considered as one of the most important inventions over the past century .	0
3702	 Some people believe that several problems occur from an information on the internet .	0
3703	 However , some say that the internet provides a lot of valuable information .	1
3704	 In my opinion , I agree with the latter because the internet gives daily necessary information , people can gain knowledge and they can explore the world .	1
3705	 First of all , everybody would like to know what is going on around the world in their everyday lives .	1
3706	 Sometimes , they want an information that can help them in daily life which the internet can provide all of these to people .	1
3707	 For example , a businessman who has no time to watch a television or read a newspaper can receive news and check stock markets easily via the internet .	1
3708	 In addition , people can gain more knowledge by using the internet , the most useful technology in the world .	1
3709	 Many people such as students can take online courses to study at home or they can watch beneficial videos which also teach them knowledge .	1
3710	 Not only students but also everyone could get more information and knowledge .	1
3711	 For instance , people who have problems with their health can search for more information about it .	1
3712	 Last but not least , The internet makes the world becomes smaller which is a good thing .	1
3713	 This is because people who have no time or have financial problems could travel around the world by using the internet .	1
3714	 They can see lots of picture and videos of many interesting places .	1
3715	 Moreover , people can learn other countries ' s culture and tradition which makes them have more knowledge about that nations .	1
3716	 To conclude , people are satisfied with the internet and sometimes even thanks it because it helps us in studying , doing business and exploring the world .	1
3717	 With valuable information it provides , people can enjoy their lives much more .	1
3718	 Universities require students to study many subjects or specialize in one subject	0
3719	 University is the place that provides people knowledge and skills to use in their real life .	0
3720	 Some universities require students to study in one subject .	0
3721	 On the contrary , others require students to study in several subjects .	0
3722	 In my point of view , studying many subjects is better that one because students can study in subjects that they interested in , they can gain knowledge more than one field and they will have more chance to choose their future .	1
3723	 First of all , when students finished their high schools , they are confused about subjects that they are going to choose to study in universities .	1
3724	 This is because they interested in many subjects and they want to try them all .	1
3725	 For example , pupil who want to study science are also like to learn music .	1
3726	 Therefore , requiring students to study in many subjects is good for them .	1
3727	 In addition , people who know a wide range of is better than people who know just one .	1
3728	 Students can gain more knowledge in every different subjects thy study .	1
3729	 For instance , university students who study business are also know history of the world .	1
3730	 Furthermore , students not only gain knowledge but they also have more experience because they will meet new friends and teachers .	1
3731	 Hence , they all can share opinion and knowledge to one another .	1
3732	 Finally , students who graduated with a variety of courses during university and lots of experience are definitely have more opportunity to choose their future or career .	1
3733	 This is because graduates can work in various kind of works which they can select a job they prefer .	1
3734	 For example , students will choose a career that they want including the job with high salary include .	1
3735	 Moreover , bachelors can earn lots of money by working in other fields due to their knowledge .	1
3736	 In concluding , learning several subjects in universities is better than specialize in one subject because it makes students have more chance to gain knowledge to use in their lives and opportunity to choose their own future .	1
3737	 Governments should spend money on space exploration or for basic needs of people	0
3738	 Although developing technologies to discover amazing thing in galaxy is interesting , there are many people in the world are in poverty or starvation .	0
3739	 Thus , these technologies mean nothing if people lack of prosperity .	0
3740	 Therefore , in my opinion , I accede with notion that government should pay attention on basic needs of people first .	1
3741	 First , as you can see that after great economic recession , many people in many countries were unemployed .	1
3742	 Then , many people did not have money .	0
3743	 When people did not have money , They had to rob other people .	1
3744	 There were increasing in criminal rate in many cities .	1
3745	 Consequently , quality of life were dropping and this make people unhappy .	1
3746	 So that , government should invest to create more jobs .	1
3747	 When people have jobs , they did not have to steal money .	1
3748	 Therefore , criminal rate were drop .	1
3749	 Thus , people have a good quality life .	1
3750	 Second , environment is also important issue that everyone depend on it .	1
3751	 Nowaday , industrial in many countries still emit high intense of carbon dioxide , which caused of greenhouse effect .	1
3752	 Greenhouse effect causes of climate change .	1
3753	 These impact on every living creature in the world .	1
3754	 So , government take care of this issue by declare regulate to control emission of carbon dioxide .	1
3755	 In addition to controlling emission carbon dioxide , government should invest in alternative energy such as using solar energy instead of coal energy .	1
3756	 If we lived in good environment , our life would be better .	1
3757	 Lastly , family is a root of society .	1
3758	 If everyone in family did not have time to spend with each other , that family could have problems , If family had problems , it mean society could have problems .	1
3759	 When society had problems , it could impact to a nation .	1
3760	 Thus , government should create campaign to fill love to family .	1
3761	 For example , setting event once a week to gather everyone in family to spend time with each other .	1
3762	 When family understand each other , it mean society and a nation will not have much trouble .	1
3763	 In conclusion , I personally agree with statement that government should spend money on basic people needs .	1
3764	 The basic needs : jobs , good environment , and love in family .	0
3765	 These three issues are the most important basic needs of people in my opinion that government should pay attention on to improve quality life of people .	1
3766	 Best ways of reducing stress : listening to music , exercise , meditation	0
3767	 Nowadays , we are living in in the world which is absolutely complicated .	0
3768	 Everything seem to be rush , and it have a lot of competition .	0
3769	 These make people get stress .	0
3770	 Thus , many people try to reduce their stress .	0
3771	 There are many activities that could relieve those people who are in stress . in my opinion , reducing stress by listening to music , playing sports , and doing meditation are easy and practical ways .	1
3772	 First of all , listening to music is a great way to relax .	1
3773	 For example , when I go to office , I use public transport .	0
3774	 I see many things such as traffic jam , crowded people at bus stop , and all so crowded people in buses .	0
3775	 These make me stress .	0
3776	 So that I always listen music from my mp3 player .	1
3777	 I could enjoy listening music without thinking of people around me .	1
3778	 Consequently , I feel happy when I listen music .	1
3779	 Second , another way that is perfectly work for everyone to reduce the stress is exercise .	1
3780	 For instance , I alway have many things in my mind such as a difficult of my work that I have to finish in time .	0
3781	 These problem sometime make me hard to fall asleep because it make me stress .	0
3782	 Thus , after work , I always do exercise , and jogging is my favorite sport .	1
3783	 I feel that after working out , I am easily to fall asleep .	1
3784	 Exercising not only reduce my stress but also make me get a good health .	1
3785	 Third , meditation also one of the ways to reduce the stress . when I have many things to think about , and this make me stress , I will do meditation .	1
3786	 Meditation is easy way to relax because it is not require any equipment , and it take few minutes .	1
3787	 A way to do meditation is that I just sit down , close my eyes , and count my breath .	1
3788	 These could relieve me from stress .	1
3789	 In conclusion , there are many ways to reduce the stress .	0
3790	 In my point of view , listening to music , exercising , and doing meditation are the most activities that people could do to escape from stress .	1
3791	 It is are easy and usable .	1
3792	 And everyone should find the time to do more and more to feel better physically and in everyone mind .	1
3793	 Should teachers be paid according to how much their students learn ?	0
3794	 Everyone is different .	0
3795	 Although students are in the same process of education system , learning abilities in each students are not equal .	0
3796	 Some students are fast learner , but some students are not .	0
3797	 Thus , paying for teacher base on grade that students got is not appropriate , and it is not fair for teacher .	1
3798	 So that , I disagree with this notion .	0
3799	 To begin with , in schools , main task of teacher to give knowledge to students , and this role have to finish in time . there are certain period of time for teachers to teach .	1
3800	 In these short time , it is not possible for teachers to pay attention to individual students in class .	1
3801	 Teachers have to manage to teach every topics by schedule .	1
3802	 If teachers pay attention to specific students , their work might not finish on time , and this might make many student miss some field in topics that they should know .	1
3803	 Second , learning abilities in each students is different .	1
3804	 It is not possible that they all comprehend all lessons in the same period of time .	1
3805	 Some students might understand all topics that they had learnt but some are not .	1
3806	 Therefore , testing result are different .	1
3807	 This problems depend on how hard study they do .	1
3808	 It is not teachers fault .	1
3809	 Thus , teachers should not be paid by testing result that students get .	1
3810	 Lastly , there could lead to a big problem if schools pay teachers by grade that students get .	1
3811	 That is problem in quality of education .	1
3812	 Teacher may not care about how they have to teach to make students understand the topics .	1
3813	 Teachers may just give high grades to get higher salary .	1
3814	 This problem should not be happened .	1
3815	 Therefore , grade that students get should not be in evaluating teacher .	1
3816	 In conclusion , I totally disagree with this statement that teachers should be paid by how much their students learn because teacher could not pay attention to each students in class .	1
3817	 Besides , learning abilities of student are different .	1
3818	 Moreover , there are problems if paying teacher by grade students get .	1
3819	 Should good people are rewarded and bad people are punished in movies or dramas ?	0
3820	 When we watch movies or dramas , some of us like to see good people have a good ending and bad people are punished .	0
3821	 While there are also some people who do not like this .	0
3822	 Personally , I prefer to see good people get rewarded .	0
3823	 However , if the good people always get an happy ending , I don ' t think it ' s proper .	1
3824	 First , if all the story end up in the same way , it will be boring .	1
3825	 If good people always win , we can guess the ending of the movies or dramas .	1
3826	 Then we will feel less interested in them .	1
3827	 But if the good people are not always rewarded , we will try to finish the movie or dramas to find out the end of the story .	1
3828	 For example , Hollywood stories usually have a happy ending like a hero beats a crime and get a girl .	1
3829	 But now many people , including me , have been tired with it .	1
3830	 I don ' t want to see the same kind of ending again and again .	1
3831	 So we can ' t always let good people be rewarded in movies or TV programs .	1
3832	 Even in the real world , good people can get a bad ending sometimes .	1
3833	 And I think it happen more often in the real world than in those movies .	1
3834	 So if children always watch the TV programs that good people get rewarded , they may think it will be true in the real world .	1
3835	 They will be misleading by those movies .	1
3836	 And they may act like good people in order to get reward .	1
3837	 Once they find the good people are not always get rewarded , they may feel upset and not to be a good person .	1
3838	 But in fact , the good people do good things no matter the ending is good or not .	1
3839	 So we should tell this to the young children to avoid the misunderstanding .	1
3840	 In fact , those good endings sometimes are helpful .	1
3841	 Some people may be encouraged to do good things .	1
3842	 But like I said , this kind of behavior won ' t last long , because someday they will realize the truth .	1
3843	 So I suggest we should show people the truth in the stories .	1
3844	 And if they can , they will be good people no matter how the story ends .	1
3845	 Based on my arguments above , I think movies and TV programs should present different stories in which good people get reward or get nothing .	1
3846	 Should replace normal classroom with online computer classes ?	0
3847	 There are many advantages of distance learning , but it should not replace classroom learning .	1
3848	 Learning in classroom could provide more information to study .	1
3849	 Besides , learning in classroom are not only learning academic skills but also learning social skills , and learning how to solve problem in real situation .	1
3850	 Consequently , I completely disagree with this statement that we should replace normal course with online course .	1
3851	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
3852	 To begin with , learning in classroom could provide more information and make students more comprehend in subjects that they had learnt .	1
3853	 Because in classroom have many equipment to demonstrate real example .	1
3854	 For example , in biology class , learning anatomy by operating fog have many benefits .	1
3855	 Learner could learn how to use tools and see actual organs of fog .	1
3856	 Unlike classroom , online class just only study in textbook not learnin real situation .	1
3857	 Secondly , online class could not provide knowledge about social skills .	1
3858	 For instance , In a classroom , teacher could give assignment to student to work as a group .	1
3859	 This could help students to learn how to deal with people , how to collaborate with people in their group .	1
3860	 This important skill cannot be gotten in online classes .	1
3861	 Lastly , learning in classroom , student could have healthier life because in school can provide exercise class which train student to move their body .	1
3862	 Classroom have specialist trainer to teach students to it right way .	1
3863	 If student do it by themselves , they might be hurt themselves .	1
3864	 This make students have healthier life which online class cannot provide .	1
3865	 In conclusion , I personally disagree this this notion that we should replace classroom with online class .	1
3866	 Because , classroom could provide real actual example to make students more understand in their subject .	1
3867	 Besides , classroom courses are also provide students to learn social skill .	1
3868	 Moreover , classroom could provide exercise class to set students to have a good health .	1
3869	 Thus , having classroom could provide abundant skills to students .	1
3870	 Experiences that have shaped your outlook and the way you live	0
3871	 Many circumstances that I experienced change the way I think .	1
3872	 There are many experiences that are improve my life in many way .	1
3873	 For example , I could improve the way that I solve problems , improve how I take care of my health , and improve to plan my life for future .	1
3874	 I will give reasons to support my opinion .	0
3875	 To begin with , studying in university taught me to be more prudent person to solve problems .	1
3876	 For example , in math class , the way that we learnt to find an answer by doing step by step .	1
3877	 Start with find cause of problem and the way to do research to solve the problem .	1
3878	 I could adapt this method to use my real life .	1
3879	 When I want to go to somewhere , I try to find the way to reach to destination .	1
3880	 Which ways are shortest and which ways are less consume my time .	1
3881	 I could find a better way to solve problems .	1
3882	 Secondly , Some experiences could teach me the way to take care of myself .	1
3883	 For instance , reading and listening the news about choosing a good diet are the way to keep myself are more healthy .	1
3884	 Thus , I am always buy a quality food such as organic food .	1
3885	 This food are not have chemical .	1
3886	 So that , I can have a good health .	1
3887	 This experience teach me to aware my health .	1
3888	 Lastly , experiences are also change to plan for my future life .	1
3889	 For example , I read about saving money for my retire is a good plan for my life .	1
3890	 Consequently , I start changing myself from spending many thing that I want to saving money for my entire life .	1
3891	 This experience change me to concern about making plan for my future life .	1
3892	 In conclusion , experiences that shape my thinking and the way to live my life are teach me to be a better person .	1
3893	 Because I could find a better way to solve problems .	1
3894	 Besides , experiences could shape me to be more aware about my health .	1
3895	 Moreover , these experiences could make me to make plan for my future life .	1
3896	 These experiences taught me to change my life to be a better person .	1
3897	 One important thing that I want to change about my hometown	0
3898	 Public utilities and surroundings are the primary factors which we basically consider before we decide to live in a place .	0
3899	 However , it is difficult to find a community which can perfectly meet our requirements .	0
3900	 In my hometown , there are almost complete public utilities for one ' s needs but transportation .	0
3901	 So the thing that I really want to change is to have more public transportation .	1
3902	 Since I ' m facing the traffic congestion every day .	1
3903	 And this problem seem to get worst .	0
3904	 At first , it should have more alternatives to use public transportation , such as a subway train or a sky train .	1
3905	 Hence , people will have more ways to go to a place .	1
3906	 Since now buses are only a kind of public transportation in this community , It makes people in this area have no choice .	1
3907	 They must take only a bus to go to another place .	1
3908	 If a subway and a sky train are available here , it will be more convenience to them .	1
3909	 For example , people can estimate time from taking a subway train due to the train schedule .	1
3910	 On the contrary they cannot do so in case of a bus .	1
3911	 Also , this improvement will decrease a bad traffic on the road indirectly .	1
3912	 Secondly , the buses provide merely two routes in this community .	1
3913	 It is absolutely a major problem .	1
3914	 For example , if a place I intend to go is not in the route of buses , I still have to take a bus that does not bring me to my destination but go to the center station first to exchange to another bus .	1
3915	 Obviously , it is waste of time .	1
3916	 They should increase more routes to make people transport more easily .	1
3917	 Lastly , having more kinds of public transportation can dwindle the number of people using their own cars .	1
3918	 Also , it provides many advantages .	0
3919	 For instance , people can save their expenses form gasoline , which nowadays is getting more expensive .	1
3920	 The necessary energy will slowly be used up , since people use less their own cars .	1
3921	 To sum up , the transportation is an elementary factor which directly affects to people ' s living .	1
3922	 I wish one day this problem would be changed .	0
3923	 And then , the transportation in my hometown is no longer difficult for everyone in this community .	0
3924	 Some people prefer to work for a large company	0
3925	 Companies vary from small to large ones based on the context , success and needs of their work .	0
3926	 Small companies usually have a local job in the area , while large companies work in an international context providing for the entire nation or even for other foreign countries .	0
3927	 I personally prefer to work for a large company for several reasons .	1
3928	 First , to find a job in a large company is way more easier than to find a job in a small company .	1
3929	 Large companies always look for new skilled employees to fill in their need of distributing , managing and selling their products in different countries .	1
3930	 For example , if a large company decides to open a branch in a foreign country , they would need more employees in that country to work there .	1
3931	 In other words , Large company equals more job opportunity .	1
3932	 Second , I think that a large company can give better salaries than a smaller one .	1
3933	 The fact that a company is a large one , this means that it ' s having a considerable success .	1
3934	 In other words , this means that the company can give more salaries to its employees .	1
3935	 For instance , common sense would tell us that a famous and international known company won ' t give the same salary as a small local company .	1
3936	 Third , I love travelling around the world . large companies have an international reputation , as they organize international conferences , meetings and workshops which will give me the opportunity to travel in different countries and meet new people .	1
3937	 As well as learning new skills in my field from these workshops .	1
3938	 In conclusion , i can certainly state that I would rather prefer working in a large company than in a small one .	1
3939	 I have different reasons to hold that , such as having a better chance to find work , having a better salary and having the opportunity to travel around the world to attend international conferences .	1
3940	 Disagree Playing Computer Games wastes time and students should not be allowed !	0
3941	 It is a debatable subject that children should not be allowed to play computer games since playing computer games is a a waste of time .	1
3942	 I hold a positive view against this opinion .	0
3943	 First and foremost , a large number of students are obsessed in on - line computer games and as a result their performance in school are declined .	1
3944	 An investigation done by Beijing University shows that 80 % of the students who failed in the final exam paid 2 hours or more on - online games every week , while 90 % excellent students expressed that they did not touch computer games during the most of the days .	1
3945	 Recent research by Scientist also reveals that the youngs are more likely to be attacted by and lose themselves in these computer games , because of their low control ability .	1
3946	 Second , children could learn nothing from these computer games , therefore time on this activity is really time wasting .	1
3947	 Since all these games are developed for commercial purpose and in order to catch the eyes of the children , majority of the games use war , violence , bloody , or sexual subjects to lure the students .	1
3948	 However , those subjects are not suitable for the students and will bring bad effects to the youths .	1
3949	 Admittedly , there are a few students paying considerable time on the computer games playing finally choose computer games related jobs as their career .	1
3950	 But we have to realize the fact : majority of the students failed in front of the computer games playing and they use their time for studying , sleeping and physical exerice to play these computer games .	1
3951	 It is not uncommon that the teenages are found sleepless for several days playing on - line games at public internet bar , and there are also some media reports regarding the sudden death case of the teenages in the internet bar .	1
3952	 In conclusion , I believe it is better that children are not be allowed to play the computer games .	1
3953	 The computer games are like cigerate to adults and we need to set up rules to regulate this area .	0
3954	 Do you think classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by e - mail	0
3955	 When it comes to the question whether classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by email , I am of the view that wok in person is preferred because this means help to achieve a good communication .	1
3956	 Firstly , team members may have different views and they need to reach a union opinion efficiently .	1
3957	 Obviously , discussion face to face in a meeting is much better than by emails .	1
3958	 An experiment conducted by the Beijing University asked two groups of people to discuss the budget of an activity .	1
3959	 The first group was asked to discuss in person , while the second group was asked to discuss by email .	1
3960	 The result shows that the 1st group used 30 minutes to reach the agreement on the budget , while it takes 30 hours for the later one .	1
3961	 The similar experiment done by other scientist show the same result that people can reach an agreement quickly if they could talk to each other .	1
3962	 Secondly , work in person can indirectly improve the quality and the efficiency of the project because there will be less conflicts or fight amongst the team members .	1
3963	 Writing an email for an informal matter will make that matter looks official , therefore people who receives the email may feel nervous or maybe feel offended by the words in writing .	1
3964	 While if the same words are expressed in talking , the counterparty will feel more relaxed since their response will not be recorded and they will not misunderstand the informal discussion to an official claim .	1
3965	 Therefore , less misunderstanding leads to less conflicts and fights , and enhance the communication amongst the team members .	1
3966	 Admittedly , sometimes we have to use emails if the team members are not located in the same place .	1
3967	 Although emails are not convenient for the work but it is better than none .	1
3968	 Since it is a classroom or campus projects , there is few possibility that the project members are located in different areas .	1
3969	 While we should realize that in a project , there are numerous coordination works are required , if each opinion is communicated via email , there will be hundreds or thousands of emails there that we know this is not a good experience .	1
3970	 In conclusion , I prefer the project members to work in person rather them by email because work in person will be more efficient .	1
3971	 Professors should do more research or teach students ?	0
3972	 These days , more and more university professors are involved in scientific research .	0
3973	 Some are afraid that this will lead to the decline of education quality and suggest them to spend more time on teaching .	0
3974	 However , according to my experiences , professors should be encouraged to mainly do research .	1
3975	 First of all , doing research is a method of self - improvement for professors .	1
3976	 Universities are relatively fenced environment .	1
3977	 The research projects provide communication with the outside .	1
3978	 In addition , by doing research , professors could catch up with the latest development of modern technologies .	1
3979	 I still remembered that my professor took part in several research projects when I was in college .	1
3980	 He was often invited to do speech in other universities .	1
3981	 Although my university is not in the high - ranking list , he gained a reputation by those projects .	1
3982	 The research projects like windows opened to the wider world .	1
3983	 Secondly , professors should fully use the research - friendly environment provided by universities .	1
3984	 It is very common to see state - of - the - art laboratories in the campus .	1
3985	 Also , you could not find another place with so much talent people gathering together .	1
3986	 Consequently , there is really no reason to discourage professors from using those advantages .	1
3987	 We all know that Einstein developed the theory of general relativity when he was a professor in HU Berlin .	1
3988	 Universities positively contribute the professors ' success .	1
3989	 Last but not least , doing research could also improve the teaching quality .	1
3990	 With the help of research projects , professors could lead their students into the practical world from the classroom .	1
3991	 They can easily teach students how to imply the knowledge in practice .	1
3992	 I still remembered the experience of being an assistant in one of my professor ' s research project .	1
3993	 By participating in it , I had opportunities to use theories on textbooks in real life experiments .	1
3994	 The research project provides a more efficient way of teaching .	1
3995	 For those reasons , it is natural to support the professors spending more time on doing research .	1
3996	 While extending the way of their own development , the outcomes of the researches will also benefit the whole society .	1
3997	 Learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .	0
3998	 Every person learn in their own manner which they think that is most expedient to them .	0
3999	 As for the learning by yourself , it has some certain profit .	0
4000	 It gives you a chance to concentrate on what you learn cause there is no one who distracts your attention in presence of you , and your learning becomes more profound .	0
4001	 In addition , the learning with a teacher makes us bear more burdens of studies cause they assign us homework , Nevertheless , I prefer to learn with a teacher rather than learn by myself .	1
4002	 Firstly , The distinguishing fact of the learning with a teacher is that you can ask about problems related your studies .	1
4003	 In other words , when we encounter difficulty in our study which we can not make out , that asking the difficulty from our teacher is propitious way for us to solve it instantly .	1
4004	 In addition , professors and teachers have much experience and knowledge , and are so dextrous with letting students understand their study .	1
4005	 They know something which are not incorporated in such materials as books and webpages .	1
4006	 Hence I , in my class , often communicate with my teacher to find a coordinated answer to a my faced problem , and my classmates are so accustomed to communicating with the teacher .	1
4007	 Secondly , in my mind , the learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .	1
4008	 We can accomplish our assignments with little help of a teacher within less time than do it by ourself .	1
4009	 Furthermore , the teachers play important role in leading us to right direction .	1
4010	 Moreover , This gives us opportunity to rise our educational level to an exited degree . knowledge may be thereby better improved and strengthened .	1
4011	 Finally , of course , being without a teacher has shortcomings .	1
4012	 Notable one of the shortcomings is that if someone faced so complicated confusion in his study and his many endeavors on making out it were miscarried , this might be ended in disappointment .	1
4013	 I think that for one who depends on only himself in learning , his improvement of ability , with regard to cooperation and express his opinion , is unpromising .	1
4014	 Hence I support this point that the learning with a teacher is better .	1
4015	 Technology designed to make people ' s lives simpler often make them more complicated	0
4016	 Many people think they are blessed to be in the era of high technology .	0
4017	 With newly developing technologies , people are able to carry various tasks more convenient and easy .	0
4018	 For example , we no longer have to travel to DMV to renew our driver ' s license or drive to bank for sending money .	0
4019	 Ancient people would probably think that we are like magicians .	0
4020	 However , even with all the conveniences , we would have to admit that technologies made our lives more complicated .	1
4021	 There are couple reasons and examples to support my answer .	0
4022	 Of course , new technologies are always great .	1
4023	 However , it takes time for people to adapt them .	1
4024	 Since we are informed with devices that are produced with new features nearly every day , many people often get lost .	1
4025	 For instance , I use new Iphone which I personally think is great .	1
4026	 However , even though I used it for couple months , I still do not know how to use all the features proficiently .	1
4027	 At first , I tried to go through all the instructions but , soon , I gave up because I found out that it is time - consuming and there are too many things to learn .	1
4028	 Next , technology destroys the language .	1
4029	 Ever since people used computers or cellphones to chat with others , they created their own language to communicate .	1
4030	 Because people try to type as fast as they are talking , they use a lot of abbreviations and broken language .	1
4031	 This has gotten worse with twitter , myspace , and facebook .	1
4032	 What are even worse , young people who are still in the early ages are exposed to them and impeded by the newly developed inventions .	1
4033	 To clarify , my younger brother does not know how to spell the words correctly and he talks to his friends with terms that I have never heard of .	1
4034	 I have tried to correct him for couple times but he just thinks that I am too conservative .	1
4035	 Although technologies allowed us to have a convenient life , it has made our lives more chaotic according to the reasons mentioned above .	1
4036	 Classroom learnng vs online education	0
4037	 There are some people who believe that distance learning and online computer classes should replace classroom learning while there are some people who strongly disagree with this opinion .	0
4038	 As far as I am concerned , I strongly believe that online classes should never replace classroom learning .	1
4039	 I list my reasons as follows .	0
4040	 First , indeed classroom learning is the best way to provide education comparing to online classes .	1
4041	 In the classroom environment you can learn from your classmates , because if you see any of your classmates who is performing better , it will force you for making your performance more better .	1
4042	 For example , When I was in First Year in B Com , I was not serious in my study , but when I saw some of my friends who took better grades than me , it influenced me and I intended to do better in my subjects .	1
4043	 Finally I got 1st rank in final exam .	1
4044	 Second , in classroom learning you have to complete study work on time .	1
4045	 It makes you perfect in time management skills .	1
4046	 Moreover you can learn by participating in group studies how to communicate with others .	1
4047	 It makes you communication and of course your group skills better , which can help you in your future and career .	1
4048	 Third , professors play vital role in classroom learning , most of them are specialists is their subjects , and they help you by giving valuable information and useful skills .	1
4049	 You can improve your skills by work under any professor ; you can ask questions face to face , it will clear your doubts .	1
4050	 In result you learn quickly .	1
4051	 For example , I have my personal experience .	0
4052	 For Toefl IBT Coaching first I was depend on some online courses , but after 1 month I realized that I was wasting my time so I joined an institute for preparation of Toefl IBT , and in 1 month I felt that my English skills have been improving faster .	1
4053	 It ' s undeniable that online classes have some advantages so they could be used as supplementary , but they could not be substitute of existing classroom learning .	1
4054	 From the discussed above , we can easily draw the conclusion that the classroom learning is the best way to provide education for these reasons .	1
4055	 Part time job for teenage students	0
4056	 When we talk about student , we generally mean a boy or a girl who study in school or college .	0
4057	 In some country , teenage students have the opportunity to do some part time job beside their study .	0
4058	 However , some people do not support the concept of teenagers doing job beside study .	0
4059	 In my view , it is good for a teenager to do a part time job while he / she is still a student and this is for two reasons .	1
4060	 The main reason is that students can learn lots of things from part time job , before starting their real job .	1
4061	 Students can learn about time management , money management and convince people by their words .	1
4062	 For example , when I was in my high school I worked as a sales - man in a shop for a year .	1
4063	 As i had to spend some of my time in my job , therefore , i had to manage my time efficiently .	1
4064	 I had to manage my boss as well as had to prepare my homework .	1
4065	 This taught me how to manage time efficiently and do any job quickly and effectively .	1
4066	 Moreover , I learn money management .	1
4067	 When my boss was out of the shop , i had to manage the accounts section of the shop .	1
4068	 From this i learned , how to manage money correctly .	1
4069	 This experience taught me , doing part time job can help students to learn many things .	1
4070	 Another reason is that from part time jobs students can earn money , which can help their parents .	1
4071	 For instance , when i was in high school I worked as a home tutor .	0
4072	 I taught math to two kids of my neighbor .	0
4073	 I helped them to understand the difficult topics of the books .	0
4074	 By tutoring them , i earned some money and bought me books with it .	1
4075	 Moreover , after taking that part time job i stopped taking my pocket money form my parents .	1
4076	 As you can see , part time job can help students earn money and which can help their parents financially .	1
4077	 In sum , I am sure ; some people will oppose the idea of part time job for students .	0
4078	 They will argue , it can destruct students from their study .	1
4079	 However , as i did part time job in my high school and it did not hurt my academic result ; therefore , i believe part time job will be good for students .	1
4080	 Every Student should do part time job beside their study if they want to prepare more efficiently for their future .	0
4081	 Which is better - Learning foreign language in home or host country ?	0
4082	 Our World has varied cultures and each culture has its own language .	0
4083	 It has become essential for a person to learn at least one foreign language as one do interacts with foreigners once in a lifetime and learning a foreign langauge adds on to a person skill - set as well .	0
4084	 Also , I think its better that people learn foreign language in their own country .	1
4085	 The reasons for holding that opinion are illustrated in the subsequent paragraphs .	0
4086	 First of all , it is not possible for everyone to visit a foreign country to learn a foreign language as it requires large amount of money and legal formalities .	1
4087	 In the earlier periods , it was not easy to find a teacher to learn a foreign languge .	1
4088	 But with the advent of globalization , one can easily find a teacher in their own country .	1
4089	 For example , in Indian sub - continent there are large number of centers opened for getting trained in variety of languages like french , german etc .	1
4090	 Second , colleges and universities have introduced foreign language course as a part of their curriculum .	1
4091	 Students can choose any language from the set of languages available at a university .	1
4092	 So , it is very easy to learn a foreign in our own country .	1
4093	 Also , highly qualified foreign language teachers are easily accessible in various schools and colleges .	1
4094	 Third , technology has also played a great role in reducing the separation between learning a foreign languge in our own country .	1
4095	 A large number of foreign language courses are available online and there are various forums where people can discuss their problems on different foreign languages .	1
4096	 To sum up , it is better for people to learn a foreign language in their own country .	1
4097	 It is cost effective and there is a pool of opportunities available now to accomplish the same .	1
4098	 One long vacation or several long vacation	0
4099	 Everybody require some break from their tight schedules likewise students also require vacation form their intense academic schedules .	0
4100	 Many people promote one long vacation system of the school because it would help student to start their course or academic year with strong zeal of learning .	0
4101	 So other several , prefer numbers of short breaks during the year so that student can get rejuvenate periodically .	0
4102	 In both the scenario students relief themselves .	0
4103	 However , i discern that several small breaks will help students to be active in their academics .	1
4104	 Firstly , several vacations throughout the year will keep stress level of students low .	1
4105	 Many educational bodies schedule its small vacations after term exams so that student ' s get relief form exam pressure .	1
4106	 However , research done by universities proves that student ' s performance improves if they get regular breaks from their learning , preparation and examination schedule .	1
4107	 Many colleges in foreign countries provide vacations to students after each semester that facilitate student to entertain themselves as well as prepare for their next semester .	1
4108	 Also several holidays aid these students to not only amuse themselves but also arrange fund and materials such as books and references material for their upcoming course .	1
4109	 Secondly , scientific research provide several authentic survey of the students ' performance after break .	0
4110	 It states that students learning capability increase after having refreshing vacation .	1
4111	 To quote an instance , in my school we used to get several vacations after our quarterly exams .	1
4112	 During those vacations i used to analyze my performance in latest examination and used to go through those question or concept again to avoid making same mistakes .	1
4113	 I also used to spend my time on developing some recreational activity or learning some sports or game .	1
4114	 During my all vacations , I used to miss my school due to which I used to restart my session with great enthusiasm of learning and scoring good marks in new quarter .	1
4115	 Vacations are not only required by students but also by professionals and housekeepers .	1
4116	 As it not only provide break to them from their regular commitment but also allows them to spend some time on themselves , heel stressful mind and boost desire of resuming to the regular schedule .	1
4117	 Therefore schools should consider giving several small vocations to the students during the year .	1
4118	 Saving / Spending money	0
4119	 In recent years the majority of developed countries have a low saving rate because the people opt to spend their earnings immediately or they even take loans to finance their expenses .	0
4120	 But isn ' t it better to save your money for later investments or rough times ?	0
4121	 Im my opinion , saving some part of your earnings is essential due to the fact that you can not predict future developments , neither in your professional nor your personal life , furthermore with savings you can fulfill some of your dreams .	1
4122	 First , there are several uncertainties about your professional future .	1
4123	 The global economic conditions in these days are tough and there are many unpredictable factors that make it necessary to have some money on your bank account .	1
4124	 As example I remember some friends who lost their jobs recently due to the economic crisis in Europe .	1
4125	 Some of them had no own savings .	0
4126	 They could not afford the rent , so they had to move back in with their families and they lost their independence .	1
4127	 In addition , you can not be sure about the development in your personal life .	1
4128	 It is possible that in the future you have some unavoidable expenses that you could not afford without savings .	1
4129	 Back in university I remember a friend of mine who had just little savings and he had to deal with a major repair of his car .	1
4130	 He could not afford the maintenance so he had to sell it .	1
4131	 Finally , with savings you can afford some luxurious goods and fulfill your dreams .	1
4132	 Working hard and saving money for later on investments is a great way of getting a satisfying feeling and to reward yourself for something you have accomplished .	1
4133	 For instance , I made a month - long backpack trip through Southeast Asia last summer with my girlfriend .	1
4134	 Without our savings we could not have pursued our long - time dream .	1
4135	 Considering all the above mentioned arguments , from my point of view there is no other choice than saving money for some time .	1
4136	 Rush vs Slower Pace	0
4137	 Modern technologies and globalization have increased the speed of life in the past decades tremendously .	0
4138	 However , while the majority of people live on the fast lane , others decide to reduce the speed and take their time .	0
4139	 To draw an entire picture , we have to consider both the advantages and disadvantages of this increased speed of life and ask our self which way of life is better .	0
4140	 In my opinion , it is very important to live life at a slower pace , because living in a hurry comes along with several disadvantages .	1
4141	 First , living your life on the fast lane is very stressful and can affect your health .	1
4142	 If you are always hurried and you do not take a certain time off , your body will react to your stressful lifestyle .	1
4143	 Many hardworking people have diseases , like the burn - out syndrome , because their bodies cannot hold the pace .	1
4144	 For instance , my father had a a breakdown several years ago due to his stressful job .	1
4145	 After several weeks off his body was restored , now he has reduced the tempo of his lifestyle and is doing fine .	1
4146	 In addition , living your life at a slower pace increases your happiness .	1
4147	 If you are always facing excessive stress you cannot care for your beloved ' s .	1
4148	 If you do not hurry yourself you can take more time for your family and friends .	1
4149	 Caring for your social environment will increase your happiness and also reduce your stress level .	1
4150	 For example , a friend of mine lives at a slow pace and is really satisfied about it , because he can enjoy his family and cultivate his friendships .	1
4151	 Finally , quality takes time .	1
4152	 When you are faced with difficult tasks and you do them in a rush , you are more likely to do avoidable errors or mistakes .	1
4153	 Doing tasks in a hurry may end up in not considering all necessary aspects or opportunities .	1
4154	 As a result you might make mistakes , you would not have done with more patience .	1
4155	 To illustrate , I once wrote an essay in a hurry and got a bad grade , because I made few mistakes I could have avoided .	1
4156	 In conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , living a slower life is advantageous for your health , your happiness and even the quality of your work .	1
4157	 Human needs vs saving land for endangered animals	0
4158	 In the past centuries the population steadily grew and now , for the first time in history , is exceeding seven billion .	0
4159	 As a result more and more natural environment had to be vanished to make room for housing , feeding and industry .	0
4160	 But isn ' t it important to preserve the land to maintain the other species living on our planet ?	0
4161	 In my opinion , we clearly have to change our attitude towards the environment because of several reasons .	1
4162	 First , the natural diversity is very important for further generations .	1
4163	 If we don ' t change our behavior we will extinct many species living for millions of years on the planet .	1
4164	 As we destroy the natural habitat , like forests , jungles and lakes , to make place for our industry and farmland , we rob the ecosystem .	1
4165	 To illustrate , every day a massive part of the Rainforest in South America is destroyed to provide wood and farmland .	1
4166	 If we don ' t preserve this important part of our ecosystem many endangered animals will loose their natural habitat and go extinct .	1
4167	 As a result , further generations will never have the opportunity to see and study these animals .	1
4168	 In addition , a stable and sustainable environment is essential for the weather .	1
4169	 Our behavior causes pollution , which heavily affects the weather conditions on planet Earth and causes the undoubtedly Global Warming .	1
4170	 This not only affects the endangered animals , but also the humans because we are affected by the increasing sea level and the climatic changes .	1
4171	 For example , recent studies from the United Nations Organization have shown that , till 2050 the sea level will increase over one meter in the average .	1
4172	 This will dramaticly affect all people living near the coast and change the global climate .	1
4173	 In conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , we definitely have to change our behavior towards the environment , not only to preserve the endangered animals but also to preserve our own living conditions .	1
4174	 Going to classes should be optional for the students	0
4175	 University students have different opinion about their attendance to class .	0
4176	 Some students believe that they should be required to attend classes while others believe that it is an optional for the students .	0
4177	 According to my opinion , because it is university level of education , students have enough maturity to choose their choice .	1
4178	 Therefore , I strongly agree that going to classes should be optional for the students .	1
4179	 To begin with , going to classes are sometimes waste of the time .	1
4180	 For instance , some lecturers in our university read the same text in the reference books for that particular course module .	1
4181	 Further , they didn ' t explain the contents in order to understand by the students .	1
4182	 It was waste of the time .	1
4183	 Because the university students have grown up , they have enough ability to read and understand the text book .	1
4184	 Moreover , with the modern technology , students can collect more information from different sources .	1
4185	 For example , from the Internet , students can read many articles and e - books and can watch video tutorials which provide the information more apparently .	1
4186	 However , some lecturers deliver lectures very informative and interesting way .	1
4187	 When the students attend that lectures , they can obviously feel that it was very useful and they did not waste their time .	1
4188	 Additionally , mostly university has taken whole day for the lectures .	1
4189	 Besides , most of the university students are working students in order to manage the expenses during the education time .	1
4190	 Students need to work as part time basis .	1
4191	 Hence , they have to schedule the lectures time , studying time and working time .	1
4192	 At the same time , rather than attending any boring lecturers , students can participate to other activities such as debate competition , swimming meet , Basketball and so forth .	1
4193	 From that they can meet other university students and build up the relationships with them .	1
4194	 In a nutshell , although few brilliant lecturers deliver more informative lectures , some are boring the students in the class and wasting the students ' time .	1
4195	 When the students go to university , they have matured mentally and physically .	1
4196	 They have enough knowledge to choose what they need to do .	1
4197	 Therefore , to make use of time , if the students choose the classes as optional , it would provide more benefits than drawbacks .	1
4198	 Famous people are bothered by the media	0
4199	 Some people think that mass media should only focus on news and current affairs .	0
4200	 Others believe that television , newspapers and magazines should keep us entertained and therefore they should pay attention to famous people lives as well .	0
4201	 This issue is a controversial one , but in my opinion a closer examination reveals that mass media deal too much with superficial things for different reasons .	1
4202	 One reason is that television and newspapers focus on famous peoples ' lives in order to increase their audience or readership .	1
4203	 Gutter press and Tabloid TV are more and more replacing quality papers or documentaries programs .	1
4204	 Thanks to the Internet , we can go online and have access to information from all over the world and therefore mass media don ' t need any more to keep informed people but their goal is to have enough readers or TV audience .	1
4205	 Another reason is that we live in a society where the most important thing is appearance and gossip .	1
4206	 Nowadays , unscrupulous paparazzi constantly follow celebrities just to take a photo while they are eating or training .	1
4207	 Newspapers often receive accusations of checkbook journalism ; this means that magazines pay people a lot of money for stories or photos .	1
4208	 Additionally , there are Reality TV , television programs in which people are put into artificial environments and situations , for example like Big Brother .	1
4209	 To sum up , it is clear that television , magazines and newspapers pay too much attention of peoples ' private lives for all the reasons mentioned above , namely to increase audience or readership and to give exciting and shocking news to a society which feed upon gutter press and Tabloid TV .	1
4210	 Staying in one place is better than moving number of places	0
4211	 Some people may prefer to live in different places at different time because of many reasons such as looking for better job , house , community and so on .	0
4212	 I prefer to spend my entire live in one place which is my hometown .	1
4213	 In my hometown , I have a lot of friends and good relationships , I love the traffic in here , and the environment is wonderful .	1
4214	 I was born and grew up in here , a small town .	0
4215	 In here , I have a lot of friends , and we usually spend free time to play sports like soccer , basketball and of course we have a lot of fun .	1
4216	 Every people in my town have known each others , and we have good relationships .	1
4217	 If anyone needs help , his neighbor will help as much as possible .	1
4218	 Nowhere else can give me some people like in here .	1
4219	 I want to live here because I love the traffic system in here .	1
4220	 We have large streets but few cars , so we can move easily to anywhere .	1
4221	 Last week , I went to the city center to meet my friends .	1
4222	 The traffic in the city was too crowed .	1
4223	 I have to wait for an hour to go to my friend house .	1
4224	 I also love the environment in here .	1
4225	 I have been gone to some places to travel and stay for a short time , and I realize that the environment in some place isn ' t clean and fresh like my home town .	1
4226	 There were a lot of people so the environment can ' t be keep clean .	1
4227	 In conclusion , I strongly feel that staying in one place is better than moving number of places .	1
4228	 Moving some places can give to you a lot of experiences but living in one place like your hometown can make you feel comfortable about the traffic , people and of course the environment .	1
4229	 Dormitory or apartment ?	0
4230	 When it comes to the issue of choosing an accommodation after completion of their high school , most students always get confused between these two options : living in an apartment , or in university dormitories .	0
4231	 As far as I am concerned , both choices have their own advantages and disadvantages .	1
4232	 On the one hand , living in a dormitory helps students to familiarize themselves with the academic environment of the university .	1
4233	 For instance , students can have an opportunity to take part in many kind of extracurricular activities happing around the campus such as attending conversation club , or joining sports club .	1
4234	 Students can also have more chance of interaction with their teachers and classmates .	1
4235	 In addition , it is easier for students to get help when facing problem such as if students have problem in solving their math question , they can easily ask for help to their roommates , classmates , or teachers .	1
4236	 I think living in dormitory is always helpful to students .	1
4237	 On the other hand , living off campus prepares students for the real life .	1
4238	 For example , students can learn many new things such as how to become responsible , independent , punctual , co - operative compared to living in university dormitories .	1
4239	 They are responsible to take care of everything including paying their apartment rent on time , and dealing with the utility bills .	1
4240	 In addition , students also have to focus on their study , and try to maintain their grades higher .	1
4241	 Furthermore , students also have a chance to know about the community around them .	1
4242	 Interacting with the people , and socializing with them prepares students for the life after graduation .	1
4243	 From given the evidences , it seems to me that it becomes hard for students to choose between their living options since both living accommodation have its own benefits .	1
4244	 If I have to choose , I would definitely choose the second option : living in an apartment .	1
4245	 I think that it teaches me everything that I certainly wants to learn in my life because learning all those characteristics would really help me in leading successful life .	1
4246	 It is not necessary for university students to attend classes	0
4247	 Though out the last decade , the load of the university students has been constantly increasing .	0
4248	 There are those who consider that university students cannot attend any classes until the students pass the exam .	0
4249	 There are those who said that student can attend the university coarse without passing the exam .	0
4250	 However , from my perspective , students can acquire university knowledge without the prerequisite of passing exam .	1
4251	 The reasons to be illustrated are follows .	0
4252	 Firstly , the students are not constantly expert in every part of a subject .	1
4253	 For example , I love Physics .	0
4254	 But I don ' t like electronics , because electronics cannot always be seen in the real world .	1
4255	 And I have had 0 in physics score when I study the electronics .	1
4256	 But I constantly achieve 100 score when I study other part of the physics .	1
4257	 And if I cannot attend the classes until I pass the exam of electronics , I could not pass the entire part of physics , and I will fail the exam over and over again .	1
4258	 Luckily , in our university , you can attend the classes regardless of the score you reach .	1
4259	 And I can study physics without consideration of my electronics .	1
4260	 And at last , I took the electronics again and pass the exam .	1
4261	 Secondly , if the university take the policy that no one can attend the classes without passing exam , students are highly likely to leave uncultivated .	1
4262	 If one fail most of the exam , it means that he or she cannot participate in most of the classes .	1
4263	 And the students will have nothing to do in the campus .	1
4264	 Then he or she will play online games days and nights .	1
4265	 The academic achievement will decline .	1
4266	 In the end , this student will become a loser in the world .	1
4267	 And all this is due to that the university don ' t permit them to attend the class .	1
4268	 This is not the failure of the university but also the entire education system .	1
4269	 Admittedly , the university student may don ' t reach a high if the university allow student to participate in the class no matter whether they pass the test or not .	1
4270	 But the benefit of free to access to the classes eclipse the issue of lower points .	1
4271	 All in all , the university should allow the student to participate in the classed without passing the test because not only is every students expert in every part of one subject but also it will reduce the student in the campus who leave uncultivated .	1
4272	 I ' m against providing more money to professors	0
4273	 University education is always an important part of one ' s life .	0
4274	 That ' s why education in university is discussed all the time .	0
4275	 What is the best way to orientate the students ?	0
4276	 Raising the salaries of professors so ?	0
4277	 I would say no .	0
4278	 The professors are essential , however , the schools are established for students .	1
4279	 Money should spend on facilities in school or update resources , which are beneficial to school rather than just instructors .	1
4280	 The following are my opinions .	0
4281	 To begin with , the school should put more emphasis on students instead of professors .	1
4282	 I think the most efficient way to improve the education is to guide the students to learn actively .	1
4283	 By renewing some facilities in school so students will spend more time at school doing assignment .	1
4284	 A comfortable environment can attract people to stay longer .	1
4285	 Thus , students spend more time on school to make a good circulation of learning .	1
4286	 That is to say , students have a better environment to working on their assignments so the quality of their assignments will improve .	1
4287	 Thus , the competition between peers enhances and forms a circulation .	1
4288	 In my school , the classrooms in my university are old and kind of shabby .	1
4289	 For me , I prefer spending money in a coffee shop to staying at school to finish my assignment .	1
4290	 It ' s unpleasant to stay at school .	1
4291	 However , coffee shops are not always quiet , so my classmates and I often finish our work roughly .	1
4292	 Besides , the ultimate purpose is to change , to motivate students to be better .	1
4293	 To improve education , spending more money to raise professors ' salary is inappropriate .	1
4294	 In addition , will the university filter all the professors overall ?	0
4295	 Some professors don ' t deserve the money at all , then , what ' s the point to spend money on them ?	0
4296	 High - salary instructors don ' t teach students harder because they earn more money .	1
4297	 There won ' t be any effect if school does so .	1
4298	 There was news about raising professors ' salary in my country .	1
4299	 This event provoked a demonstration composing of students mostly .	1
4300	 The proposal of the demonstration was eliminating the raising salaries .	1
4301	 As you can see , if the policy of raising salary was supported , the demonstration would not happen .	1
4302	 At school , students are priority .	0
4303	 Students ' tuition is not only for the professors but also for their quality of learning at university .	1
4304	 That ' s the main reason I against providing more money to professors .	1
4305	 Students are those who suppose to enjoy the use of their tuition .	0
4306	 Our useful friends	0
4307	 Pets have always been essential in our society .	0
4308	 Cats and dogs are the most common pets but there are birds , tortoises and fishes as well .	0
4309	 Some people think that pets should be treated like family members .	0
4310	 However , others argue that they are just animals and aren ' t able to think like us .	0
4311	 The issue is controversial but in my opinion , pets should be treated like human beings for different reasons .	1
4312	 First , pets are our friends as well as certain human beings are .	1
4313	 Similarly to friends , indeed , they are always with us and they are there if we feel alone .	1
4314	 We can talk to them because they listen to us , more than some people will ever do .	1
4315	 To illustrate this point , I can write about my own experience .	0
4316	 When I was 14 years old , my uncle passed away and I felt like everything was no longer important .	1
4317	 Talking to my friends was frustrating because none of them have ever felt that way .	1
4318	 Since I was all alone at home for a long time , my dog was near me and it seemed to me that only him could understand my deeply feelings .	1
4319	 Clearly , although pets aren ' t able to speak with us , we can nonetheless count on them .	1
4320	 Secondly , pets are useful for a variety of things .	1
4321	 For example , nowadays the pet therapy is becoming more popular than before .	1
4322	 Researchers have discovered that pets can bring benefits in a huge amount of illnesses .	1
4323	 There are dogs who lead blind people around the city and therefore without them they could not go around all alone .	1
4324	 In addition , pets are important for depressed people as well because their presence make them feel better .	1
4325	 Moreover , there are dogs who are educated in order to find out criminals or to use their sense of smell to find drugs .	1
4326	 To sum up , I am strongly convinced that pets deserve to be treated like family members because of all the reasons mentioned above , namely they are our friends and they can be useful in many situations .	1
4327	 Extraordinarily cautious is important since rough work is intolerable	0
4328	 This current world we situate ourselves in is rather unpredictable , even one sudden invention could bring down all the notions we used bear in mind .	0
4329	 Most of us has endeavored to keep up with the pace of the development of today ' s world in fast pace .	0
4330	 I personally believe that even when fast pace may be the wise move to correspond with today ' s world .	1
4331	 However , it might not be the most beneficial move to our society .	1
4332	 Primarily , even when the world operates in fast pace , it still requires accuracy .	1
4333	 Even simple issues in our daily life like homework require accuracy .	1
4334	 If we rush through the work by taking risk of making mistakes , we are actually making zero effort going through our study roughly only for the purpose of fill in before the deadline .	1
4335	 In short , it only fulfills the work itself which is rather worthless .	1
4336	 It is our capability of work that we should improve rather than holding the belief in completing it .	1
4337	 Certainly it may take time to keep up with the others if w need to review our work multiple times , but with consistent work soon enough we ' ll be able to bring up our speed in completion of work .	1
4338	 Secondly , other than the importance of accuracy , the world also seeks efficiency , which concludes both minimum time completion and also criterion of quality .	1
4339	 Even when we managed to keep up with the pace by neglecting the details of a project and only aim for a general frame of the project , this will not be something satisfy for the company and clients .	1
4340	 We soon will be out of the picture even when we kept up with the pace since when the problem reveals itself we ' ll have to go back and fix the mistakes we have made .	1
4341	 This might be even more costly and time consuming than a neat completion of work at the start .	1
4342	 Besides , when looking at this problem within a broader image .	0
4343	 Some work cannot tolerate any mistakes at all , for instance , in official missions like the work done by NASA , a tiny mistake can be catastrophic .	1
4344	 A miscalculation of the orbit in launching rocket may lead to a failure of the whole project which might worth trillions of dollars .	1
4345	 In such circumstances , even when the scientists want to finish off quickly , but they couldn ' t miss even a single part of the mission since it may trigger loads of problems .	1
4346	 To sum up , even when we need to catch up with the pace of the world , it is necessary for us to be extraordinarily cautious since rough work is intolerable when we want to stay competitive .	1
4347	 Living in big cities or living in small towns	0
4348	 Continuous technological and economical development in modern world created great differences between cities , a difference that is clearly visible in the size of various cities .	0
4349	 From cities with more that 20 million people to small towns inhabited by only hundreds of people .	0
4350	 This diversities in cities allowed for more difference in people ' s preferences for where to live .	0
4351	 For me , I prefer to live in bigger cities than in small ones , this personal attitude is the result of many factors .	1
4352	 First of all , I find the excitement of big cities to be attractive , living in a dynamic environment can turn into a very rich experience that sharpens one ' s personality and open one ' s eyes on the real world .	1
4353	 Life in big cities cities gives one new challenges every day , let it be deciding which restaurant to go to or deciding which company to work for .	1
4354	 For me , this lifestyles is very attractive and is considered a huge advantage of big cities compared with the constant , slow paced life styles of small towns .	1
4355	 Another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants ' lives , hospitals , advanced medical facilities can satisfy one ' s need of medical safety .	1
4356	 Cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one ' s and widen his horizons , things which aren ' t offered by small towns .	1
4357	 Furthermore , it ' s undeniable that the economic power of a country is driven by it ' s big cities and the majority of wealth and finance is centered and controlled in big cities .	1
4358	 With this kind of power big cities offer more opportunities for one ' s career advancements and a more chances of higher income that small towns does , and higher income can be the basis of a happier , healthier life .	1
4359	 Finally , although I prefer to live in a big city , I can not help but assure that this is a matter of personal taste , to be clear , I would love to spend some days in countryside to recharge my soul and relieve myself from daily stress .	1
4360	 Every experience always gives us something to learn and keep for life	0
4361	 I agree with the statement that our life seems tough at the time but those difficult experiences of life become important lessons for the future .	0
4362	 My opinion based on the reasons that Every tough experience makes us more skilled , improves our decision making and makes us more compatible for life .	1
4363	 The best example of it is how babies learn about basics survival habits during their childhood .	0
4364	 Every day comes with new challenges for them like walking , eating , etc . , but those challenges of their initial life teach them important survival lessons which help them for whole life .	1
4365	 For example , when they tried to learn walking , they stumble and hurt themselves many times .	1
4366	 But they slowly tune their technique and learned to walk .	1
4367	 All inventions and experiments are based on many unfortunate observations .	1
4368	 No known scientist has success in first attempt .	1
4369	 Scientists try and test many specimens before they get they want .	1
4370	 It was said that Thomas Edison tested around 10000 bulbs before inventing Light bulb .	1
4371	 So , all the initial experiments would be difficult and frustrating for him but he searched for more options and learnt new findings with each experiment even when he was failing in his attempts and finally found break through .	1
4372	 Our difficult experiences also make us robust and strong unknowingly .	1
4373	 We might be facing a toughest time of life at the time , but when we think back about those moments later in life , we feel more confident about our decisions and about ourselves .	1
4374	 When I moved to college hostel after school , first few days were very unsettling for me because first time I was away from parent and staying with people I had not known .	1
4375	 I had felt very fragile and emotionally distracted , but then slowly I started adjusting with roommates and built connection with them .	1
4376	 I also became more casual and social with others , this experience increased my communication skill and social speaking skills .	1
4377	 Therefore , to conclude my opinion on this statement , I want to mentioned that every experience in life whether it is good or bad always gives us something to learn and keep for life .	1
4378	 Good experiences give us good memories and bad ones teach us lessons for life .	1
4379	 Drivers have to pay a fee for driving in Rush Hour	0
4380	 Started in the late eighteenth century , the industrialization and urbanization witnessed the explosion in number of automobiles .	0
4381	 The very fuel that they rely on , oil , has now become the dominant pollution of cities ' environment .	0
4382	 While critics castigating about the exorbitant use of oil and other insisting to charged drivers with extra fee during the rush hours for their selfish conducts , I hold the contention that no additional payment should be charged on them .	1
4383	 The reasons are the followings .	0
4384	 Capitalism enfranchised people ' s right to own properties , and consequently , their rights to use them .	1
4385	 Driving cars during the rush hours might is bound to polluting cities ' s environment , but laws protect drivers to do so , and accordingly , charging them extra fee might seems to be out of the jurisdiction .	1
4386	 From another point of view , traffic jam is a natural phenomenon that nobody is able to shun or ban ; so it is out of drivers ' control .	1
4387	 Why drivers should pay a fine only for driving their own cars in a particular time ?	0
4388	 Wars are notorious , but you can ' t blame the soldiers who are justing fight for their countries .	1
4389	 Buying a car spends hundreds of thousand ; paying for all sorts of fee takes another several - these are all ready too much for most of the families to bear .	1
4390	 Charging drivers one more fee makes no sense and is ridiculous .	1
4391	 Majority of the families buy cars simply for a safer and easier conveyance , and charging them too much fee adds a lot to their burden and is actually jeopardizing their rights .	1
4392	 Rather than passively forcing drivers to pay another fee , government should instead , be more active on advocating the use of more efficient and environmental - friendly energy or planning out more reasonable and convenient layout that allow people to reach their destinations with less oil .	1
4393	 Sometimes traffic jam occur only due to the malfunction of a traffic light , or unreasonable organization of roadways .	1
4394	 In these cases , the one who should be charged for a fine is the city planner , not drivers .	1
4395	 Simply put , charging drivers fees regardless of the causes of the problems could be ridiculous and even unlawful .	1
4396	 In conclusion , rush hours are usually not the direct consequence of drivers .	1
4397	 Instead , the real causes of traffic jam may fall on various of grounds , and therefore , charging drivers for another fee for this could be unreasonable and irrational .	1
4398	 The part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it	0
4399	 Nowadays , the difference between school and society is bigger and bigger .	0
4400	 If students want to get used to the society quickly , it is better for parents to encourage them to take part - time jobs .	1
4401	 There are some reasons can support my view .	0
4402	 First , there are a few opportunities for students to know how to live adult life in the university .	1
4403	 Because most people they contact with are also students .	1
4404	 However , when students do part - time jobs , they can work with many kinds of people , and most of whom are adults .	1
4405	 So , they can teach students many things about adult life .	1
4406	 My friend Lisa , who is doing part - time job now , tells me that it is fabulous to take it .	1
4407	 Through part - time job , she makes friends with different kinds of people and they let her know the different aspects of adult life .	1
4408	 For example , Lisa thought in adult life , work is the core ; but after she knows these friends , she changes her mind that the true core for the adult life is responsibility but not work .	1
4409	 Hence , thanks to the information her new friends has provided ; now she is more confidence about her future adult life .	1
4410	 Second , parents always tell students that the adult life is much tenser than school life .	1
4411	 However , because we do not experience it , it is very difficult for us to really know how tense the adult life can be .	1
4412	 Therefore , we need part - time job to teach us how hard the real adult life can be .	1
4413	 Actually , some questionnaires indicate that if students have taken part - time jobs , they will make the best use of their time to prepare their future and more importantly ; they will not expect too much for their future than students who have not taken the part - time job .	1
4414	 Therefore , the part - time job can make people understand future life better .	1
4415	 Third , some parents are afraid that the part - time job will effect student ' study .	1
4416	 Actually , most students will do the part - time job in their holiday , so it will not effect on their study .	1
4417	 Compared with playing computers every day , doing part - time jobs is the best choice for students to spend their holiday .	1
4418	 In conclusion , taking the part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it .	1
4419	 Therefore , parents should encourage students to take the part - time job .	1
4420	 Type of temper and advantages of individual work as best arguments in favor of studying alone	0
4421	 Study achievements depend on a range of various factors , one of which is pattern of work you tend to choose while studying .	0
4422	 In particular , we may prefer to work either within a team of other students or alone .	0
4423	 As for me , I favor the latter because of the following reasons .	0
4424	 To begin with , type of temper is one of the reasons that make me to choose individual work instead of team one .	0
4425	 Being by nature introvert , I have to spend much time and efforts on adjusting to surroundings and especially new people .	1
4426	 Once , when I was working on presentation with strangers , I sat aside and so prepared more than half of work myself instead of making attempts to get acquainted with unknown people .	1
4427	 Therefore , my productivity boosts when style of work is appropriate with my type of temper .	1
4428	 Furthermore / moreover , working alone allows me to avoid spending time and efforts on many things that are an integral part of teamwork .	1
4429	 In other words , I must not divide tasks and duties between team members , share responsibility and benefits , and spend time on teambuilding .	1
4430	 These advantages are especially important in situations of shortage of time .	1
4431	 About a year ago I was lucky to become a participant of student brainstorming game .	1
4432	 To my rivals ' surprise , being the only member of my own team I gained a victory .	1
4433	 In conclusion , from my point of view , type of temper and advantages of individual work are the most persuasive arguments in favor of studying alone .	1
4434	 Work for themselves vs work for employer	0
4435	 Most people want to work for an employer , because they want to feel secure about their salary , or feel comfortable about other problems of having own job such as paying tax , worrying about selling , etc .	0
4436	 Despite these problems , personally , I would prefer to have my own job .	1
4437	 My arguments are listed as follows .	0
4438	 First , time is the more valuable thing , which I have in my life .	1
4439	 By having my own business , I can manage my own time .	1
4440	 I could work whenever I want , or I do not need to give reasons to my boss for a delay .	1
4441	 I can arrange time to travel when I would like .	1
4442	 In addition , I can work long hours for earning more money .	1
4443	 Totally , the most important reason for me to be self - employed is the sense of free .	1
4444	 Moreover , earning money is the fundamental reason that why people work .	1
4445	 The amount of money is always the most important criterion for everyone to choose a job .	1
4446	 If I work for other people , I have to give my ideas to employers cheaply .	1
4447	 Therefore , I never have been rich in my life , because my salary is not dramatically changed .	1
4448	 In spite of many problems of having own business , I can earn more money based on my creativity and personal ideas .	1
4449	 To sum up , in spite of the fact that many people are not eager to work for themselves , I would like to run my own business to control my own time , and to earn more money based on my noble ideas .	1
4450	 Parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life	0
4451	 Learning is a thing that we do in all of our lives .	0
4452	 Getting the best lessons , besides our abilities to self - study , depends on our teachers a lot .	0
4453	 There are people who believe that no one else is better than our parents in terms of teachers .	1
4454	 I whole - heartedly agree with this opinion because of these following reasons .	0
4455	 Firstly , parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life .	1
4456	 As we were born , parents taught us from the very little things such as how to smile , how to walk to the ordinary routines such as eating .	1
4457	 Moreover , when we grow bigger , they teach us many fairy tales and several important ethic lessons that affect us till the end of our lives .	1
4458	 Secondly , at school we study bigger things about sciences and languages , but after school we learn from our parents .	1
4459	 In my opinion , we spend most of our time at home with our families than it at school .	1
4460	 I think when we leave school , maybe we will forget parts of the lessons we learn at school if we do not experience them in life , but I strongly believe we will never forget what our parents have taught us because we use it every day .	1
4461	 For example , I believe I will never forget what my parents told me about how to be grateful to other people who help me .	1
4462	 Thirdly , I totally believe parents love their sons or daughters unconditionally .	1
4463	 Therefore , even when we grow older , get married and then have our own families with spouses and children , parents always keep watching us and help us to realize which is right and which is wrong in life .	1
4464	 For instance , my older brother has got married and lived independently for two years but when he faces difficulties in his work or his life , he comes back to meet our parents and ask for advice .	1
4465	 To conclude , I strongly believe that parents are our best teachers .	1
4466	 Excellent knowledge is better than ability to adopt oneself	0
4467	 With the rapid development of economy , the controversial of good worker ' s requirement is always in a limelight .	0
4468	 A large number of people will say the ability to adapt oneself to a new environment is necessary , because it is the basic communication skill for a new worker .	0
4469	 From my perspective , there is only one thing would be beneficial to company , and there is only one way to be an outstanding worker , that is possessing excellent knowledge of this job .	1
4470	 That ' s why I believe that the excellent knowledge of this job will be more significant .	1
4471	 Admittedly , the ability to adapt oneself to the new environment has been proven to be part of job .	1
4472	 This ability is helpful in communicating with other workmates , cooperating with other workers needs this ability , too .	1
4473	 But working alone is a longer - term job than communicating , that is , the ability of adapting oneself to a new environment may be necessary for a fresh worker , but the excellent knowledge of this job will be benefit till one leave .	1
4474	 The company will benefit from every worker of excellent knowledge .	1
4475	 The core and most profitable technology of an IT company is invented by a worker with excellent computer knowledge , not a worker with outstanding communicating skill .	1
4476	 The high reputation and popularity of a company is earned by some brilliant workers in public relation department with excellent skill to propagate this company .	1
4477	 So the company will earn more money and reputation from these workers with excellent knowledge .	1
4478	 Employees will obtain reward from hard - work pursuing excellent knowledge .	1
4479	 Through our whole study life , undergraduate and graduate , we keep learning with the purpose of exerting these knowledge and experience on our job , just like an old Chinese scholar said , the essence of study is utilizing it .	1
4480	 After we get a job , the destination of we keep accumulating and collecting knowledge is rooted not in fawn on our manager with the ability to adapt this kind of business culture , but in making us excellent and totally master this job .	1
4481	 Finally , we will be rewarded with pride .	1
4482	 That ' s why we can obtain reward from out excellent knowledge .	1
4483	 To sum up , I would have to say that although we can use the ability of adapting oneself in a new environment , the excellent knowledge will be of more importance .	1
4484	 Because it can not only benefit our employers , but also ourselves will be rewarded .	1
4485	 People benefit more from coming computers into their lives	0
4486	 Computers have revolutionized our lifestyle during last century .	0
4487	 However , some people especially young ones use computers extremely and this excessive usage lead to increase stress among them , but computers have brought many advantages to our lives .	0
4488	 From my point of view , computers have an important and inevitable role in economic , business , and other part of societies .	1
4489	 In addition , they make the way of living easier by doing our routine duties .	1
4490	 Admittedly , by using computers in many industries human ' s role has been reduced .	1
4491	 Nowadays , computer can control and perform some routine activities in industries , which were early done by human .	1
4492	 Many industries use computers to command to robots in order to do many regular tasks , which were carried out by human early .	1
4493	 For example , many processes of production of cars are carrying out by robots , which are controlled by computers .	1
4494	 In addition , car companies use computers to simulate and analyze car accident by computers .	1
4495	 Despite many advantages , by coming computers many jobs has been vanished .	1
4496	 A large number of industries fire many forces because of doing their works by new technologies and computers .	1
4497	 Computers have an important role in social and personal life .	1
4498	 Computers have opened up a network connection among people .	1
4499	 This technology makes easier for people to send and receive personal message .	1
4500	 Teenagers and adolescents spend free time in front of computers .	1
4501	 Moreover , People can use computers to extract their essential information easily .	1
4502	 By contrast , excessive use of computers has brought many difficulties .	1
4503	 The results show that teenagers who are addicted to computer games show more violent and stressful behaviors .	1
4504	 People who have type by computers may suffer from such disease related to knees .	1
4505	 By considering all reasons , advantages of computers outweigh disadvantages .	1
4506	 People benefit more from coming computers into their lives .	1
4507	 In addition , computers can do most difficult tasks which leads to make life easier .	1
4508	 Is it necessary for children or not ?	0
4509	 Learning a foreign language is necessary for children to strengthen their ability to learn .	0
4510	 Whether children should start learning a foreign language as they start school or not might be a controversial issue .	0
4511	 It seems to me that students should start learning that as they start school .	1
4512	 Learning that not only help them to improve their minds and memories , but can extend their visions about the other countries .	1
4513	 First , the ability of Learning in the childhood period is more powerful than other periods of life .	1
4514	 Thereby students in the beginning of their education can learn faster and easier in compare to a young one to understand a foreign language .	1
4515	 They can easily understand the language structure and memorize the vocabularies .	1
4516	 It is out of of the questioned that the persistence of learning a knowledge in the childhood is more than other period of lives .	1
4517	 By considering this and being aware of that students have not any responsibility and other difficulty in comparison with a young man , we can infer that why this time is the best time to learn any language .	1
4518	 In addition , Learning a foreign language helps students tremendously to comprehend what happens in the around World .	1
4519	 They would be able to understand other cultures and costumes .	1
4520	 Moreover , It can give them a sense of power to communicate better with peers in other parts of the World .	1
4521	 Having knowledge about other countries and their languages lead to extend the child ' s vision .	1
4522	 Therefore , they would be able to develop their personalities and sense of reliance .	1
4523	 Overall , it is easy to distinguish between a child having two languages and a child having just his native language while comparing their ability to communicate , understanding other studies , etc , to find that why children should start learning a foreign language in the beginning of the education .	1
4524	 The biggest risk is not taking any risk	0
4525	 The biggest risk is not taking any risk . The ones who have a big dream , they need to be brave and dare to live new situations .	0
4526	 It is not guaranteed that you are going to achieve your dream if you had planned carefully as the same way when you take risks , but it is more frustrating if you had made plans and then it went wrong .	0
4527	 Therefore , it is essential to take chances and believe this is going to work out .	1
4528	 Assuming new opportunities is indispensable to have diverse experiences .	1
4529	 In fact , life may not be easy ; it will have various challenges especially when you take risks , but in the end , it can be surprisingly wonderful .	1
4530	 For instance , some people abandon their job , family and friends and go to other country without knowing what the future holds for them .	1
4531	 In the beginning , it can be tough to fit in this new place and find any opportunity , but after fighting against the obstacles blocking the way to get what is desired ; it is possible to conquer what they are craving as well as start to build a new life in this other country .	1
4532	 In fact , many people are afraid to take risks and fail .	1
4533	 It is possible to get frustrate along the way , but it is vital to never give up on your dream .	1
4534	 To illustrate , Walt Disney , whose career is famous , had a challenging life .	1
4535	 One of the difficulties was some of his histories , such as Mickey Mouse and Three Little Pigs , were turned down .	1
4536	 He heard lots of no , furthermore one editor fired him alleging that he had no imagination , after all what he had gone through , he never stop chasing his dreams .	1
4537	 To conclude , in this competitive world you have to be fearless and face all new situations .	1
4538	 Even though sometimes you consider backing down and stay in the same routine that you are used to , it is necessary to have courage to take risks , be different and pursue your dream to have a successful life .	1
4539	 In personal live , we have some responsibilities towards other people	0
4540	 People should sometimes do things , even though they don ' t enjoy it .	0
4541	 This is basic part of the lives .	0
4542	 There may be small or big things , but at last people should accept them , because most of them is about responsibilities .	0
4543	 Moreover , sometimes by doing things helps the people learn about live .	0
4544	 In this essay , the reasons for why I agree that people should sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing will be explored .	1
4545	 Firstly , most people ' s lives are filled with tasks that they don ' t enjoy doing . In personal live , we have some responsibilities towards to other people , there is nobody who likes all of these responsibilities .	1
4546	 For instance , housework is very difficult for me , although my husband helps me some of them , but it is my responsibility .	1
4547	 I really don ' t like any of them , however I should do .	1
4548	 Secondly , professional lives are filled with tasks that is neccessary parts of the jobs .	1
4549	 Nobody likes attending boring conferences , or working a person who isn ' t well in with anyone .	1
4550	 I ' m a research asistant at a university , and as any of the univesity in ours we have a professor who isn ' t good at human relationships , most of the asistans don ' t enjoy to talk with him about any situation , although we have to ask about his field .	1
4551	 Thirdly , doing something which an individual doesn ' t enjoy can led to enjoyment .	1
4552	 People sometimes can attend any activities by insisting on any of their friends although they don ' t really want .	1
4553	 For example , one of our friends tell my husband and me about a dance course which we both don ' t like .	1
4554	 After insisting on some of our friends , we attended , and got really enjoyable time , we continued the course about six months although most of our friends left the course after a month .	1
4555	 Nobody has a life with a lot of fun ; there are sometimes unpleasant and boring parts which is not liked by anyone , but most of them are about responsibilities which is the part of individual ' s live .	1
4556	 Young adults preference on how long they should live with their parents before moving out	0
4557	 As young people gets older they tend to seek more freedom and want to live on their own .	0
4558	 But , the issue of what is the right age for young adults to leave their parents and start living on their own is a contentious one .	0
4559	 Personally , I believe that young adults should live with their parents for a longer period of time .	1
4560	 Living on your own is a huge financial commitment .	1
4561	 At younger age people are less likely to get a high paying job , so It can be a difficult task to pay for rent , food , utilities and other expenses to sustain yourself .	1
4562	 So , I believe that living with parents is a wise choice for adults until they get a head start to their professional career with a reasonable income .	1
4563	 Another advantage of living with parents for a longer period of time is the enhanced emotional attachment with them .	1
4564	 Parents have valuable advice to their children as they go through the changes in their adult life .	1
4565	 Living together develops the environment of discussing adult ' s physiological and psychological changes face to face with their parents .	1
4566	 Young adults will feel reluctant to discuss such problems with their parents if they move out and live on their own , and thus missing the valuable input of their parents .	1
4567	 While some critics may argue that , young adults living with parents will not be free to do what they want .	1
4568	 However , I believe that most young adults are inclined to take unprecedented advantages of the freedom they have .	1
4569	 It is good thing if living with parents does not give freedom for young people to party all night , smoke or do drugs .	1
4570	 In a nutshell , I believe that young adults should only consider living on their own only after they are sure they could sustain on their own .	1
4571	 It is unwise to trade the opportunity of living with parents for a longer period of time for some late night parties or drugs .	1
4572	 Thus , to cope with the physiological and psychological changes of adult life , to make financial life a less struggle and to prevent oneself digress from their destined path , it is important for young adults to live with their parents for a longer period of time .	1
4573	 Technology impact on people	0
4574	 Nowadays , the Earth has become like a small village .	0
4575	 In the course of the last hundred years , the way majority of people communicate with each other has been altered significantly because of technology .	0
4576	 But there are vast amount of disputes whether it is positive or negative .	0
4577	 From my point of view , this development was a very positive one in spite of its some drawbacks .	1
4578	 To begin with , nowadays , to keep in touch with loved ones in faraway places has become easy than ever .	1
4579	 Technology revolutionized the way we communicate and in present , it is almost possible to do everything without tete - a - tete .	1
4580	 By means of some software such as Skype , MSN , Whatsapp we can get in touch with everybody whenever we want .	1
4581	 For example , in earlier times , people didn ' t leave for faraway places , because they could easily get lost .	1
4582	 This is also one salient prove that the development of technology was a very positive .	1
4583	 Further , by means of some communication tools , it has become very easy to make new friends .	1
4584	 According to statistics , 40 % of people met even their life partners via Internet .	1
4585	 In this sense , Internet is a basic tool to keep in touch with old and make new friends .	1
4586	 However , the other side of the coin is that , by communicating via Internet or phone , we cannot express our ideas and feelings fully , because during such conversations , some of our words can make a completely different sense .	1
4587	 As a result , the rate of divorces is increasing day by day .	1
4588	 By way of conclusion , I once again restate my position that the development of technology impacted on the means of communication among people very positively by making it easier and more comfortable .	1
4589	 Advantages and disadvantages of machines instead of human to do the work	0
4590	 The issue of whether using of machine are bring many advantages to society is of great concern to many people .	0
4591	 In my opinion , although using machines have many benefits , we cannot ignore its negative effects .	1
4592	 It is undoubted that machines can bring many benefits .	1
4593	 For one thing , machines are more effective than human .	1
4594	 Not like human , machines do not need rest , which means they can work as long as employers want and consistently produce high quality products without any mistakes .	1
4595	 For another , using machines can save company ' s money .	1
4596	 Because machines never ask for salary , over - time pay or pension , so employers do not need to spend money on employee ' s welfare .	1
4597	 The company only needs some technicians to make sure machines are working on the right track or replace some part when machines are not working .	1
4598	 However , the disadvantages of machines that bring to us should not be neglected by people .	1
4599	 To start with , because of extensive of using machines , many people loss their job .	1
4600	 Especially in large population countries , high unemployment rate may cause crime and social instability .	1
4601	 Apart from this , using of machines are also pose serious pollution and energy dissipation .	1
4602	 For example , nowadays people prefer to use dish - washing machine to wash dishes and plates rather than hand washing .	1
4603	 But they did not know that compared with hand washing dish - washing machine consume at least 2 times water and electricity to wash these tableware .	1
4604	 As you can imagine , if thousands of families use dish - washing machines , how many water and how much electricity will be wasted !	1
4605	 In conclusion , although we cannot deny machines are play a vital role in people living and working , problems posed by machines should draws more attentions as well .	1
4606	 Question about the influence of the media coverage of celebrities	0
4607	 Today , celebrities appear to become a spotlight of the mass media .	0
4608	 Almost half of the news coverage on television and the Internet is devoted to the celebrity gossip .	0
4609	 Not surprisingly , many people are worried that this attention to the famous people has an impact on them , especially on their children .	0
4610	 This essay will compare both negative and positive consequences of this effect on infants .	0
4611	 Fame is a great responsibility for public people as their admirers are very sensitive to any acts of their idols .	1
4612	 Celebrity scandals and gossips can quickly reach the public which perceive it very negatively .	1
4613	 This means that celebrities who received attention for overuse of drugs or alcohol are likely to get public disgrace .	1
4614	 Therefore , children may see that this behavior is inexcusable .	1
4615	 On the other hand , too much news coverage to famous people seems to have a negative influence on the choice of children of their future professions .	1
4616	 As recent surveys showed , inspired by the fame and wealth , children now prefer more to become an actor / actress or a sports star than it was in the past .	1
4617	 Many schools for preparation of so - called stars and various advertisements about famous people may mislead with the fact that this profession is highly required and easy reachable .	1
4618	 This may confuse children who should not choose their future job because of the influence of the mass media , but from the basis of their own interests .	1
4619	 In conclusion , parents should be more worried about their children ' s attitudes to the ' cult of celebrity ' .	1
4620	 They should teach their children how to distinguish shortcoming stars from truly talented ones and to put right priorities in life .	0
4621	 Recently , there has been a social concern in regards to whether mobile phones have a negative effect in our social communication .	0
4622	 Indeed , mobile phones have been widely used for people of all ages , bringing convenience and entertainment into our life .	0
4623	 However , as far as I am concerned , I strongly agree with the view that this great invention causes many social problems .	1
4624	 In the first place , spending too much time on phones may exert adverse effects on social life .	1
4625	 In the first place , as people increasingly tend to focus and relay on phones , they may lose their interest on daily activities like meeting with their friends so that distraction may be developed during study or social activities .	1
4626	 Moreover , continuous use of mobile phone may damage both eyesight and physical posture of the children .	1
4627	 In those games , children are rewarded for being more violent , and this violence is repeated again and again .	1
4628	 For instance , many games involve children helping their character to kill or shoot , which many lead to increased aggressive feelings , thoughts and behaviours .	1
4629	 Therefore , the hardship of communication may be developed .	1
4630	 However , other people may perceive this issue from different viewpoint .	0
4631	 With rapid development of the internet , people are able to enjoy quick electronic communication via internet .	1
4632	 Therefore , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication .	1
4633	 After having considered all the problems that I have discussed above , we can finally draw a conclusion that although mobile phones brings convenience of communication , they also contribute to some social problems .	1
4634	 Modern forms of communication ; ' electronic letter '	0
4635	 Undoubtedly , the movement of modern forms of communication has changed better , which help people to interact to others , such as email and messaging without limitation time .	0
4636	 I totally agree that using of these soft devices have cut much of time people need to see with their relatives .	1
4637	 However , it is had some demerits on their social lives .	1
4638	 Mentioned to societies life style , they constantly use these kinds of electronic letter for making fellowship or just continuing theirs what they already had .	1
4639	 Obviousness , there are other ways like social media that they could to use it for meeting theirs buddies such as Twitter and Facebook , also make the communication become feasible and limitless of time .	1
4640	 Another perspective , using of these facilities has influenced netizens to keep themselves becoming unsociable .	1
4641	 It caused they were swept away by virtual atmosphere , so they do not do much social live interactions with others .	1
4642	 The consequence of this case made some people become geek , as too much of using email and messaging , without direct contacts .	1
4643	 However , people have had own minded to keep connection with their friends as a good relationship , meet them and talk by face to face directly .	1
4644	 In conclusion , I admittedly and strongly agree that the merits of email and messaging have reduced amount of ours time to communicate to .	1
4645	 Besides , we need to make sure for the real gathering with our colleague .	1
4646	 People should create a sense of co - operation in their children	0
4647	 It is undeniable that children have an innocent mind , and they requires a proper guidance at a specific time to make them understand the value of life .	0
4648	 Some people think that it is better to make them competitive , while other believes to make them co - operative .	0
4649	 Both these factors have their own values , and have been discussed in detail below :	0
4650	 Competitive children are more likely to be confident enough to handle the situations independently .	1
4651	 This factor initially arises from the school , where teacher encourages student to feel more competitive through the grading system , and this is the place where children are trying to get on the top by scoring the highest marks .	0
4652	 This factor will lead them to be successful in their lives ahead , but will also restrict them in many ways .	1
4653	 For example , MNCs are mainly focusing on a team work , and a person with the competitive mind would be having a difficulty in managing the situation with the team .	1
4654	 However , those who wants to create a sense of co - operation in their children is a symbol that they want to make them sensible enough in their lives ahead .	1
4655	 Although , they will not be having a pace and an eager to get on the top as the competitors do , but they shall have an art of managing different situations of life with the help of a team .	1
4656	 In my opinion , though competitive children will be far more clever and faster than the co - operative child in an initial level , but it will not help them to be on the success path for the long run ; while on the contrary , co - operative child will have a potential of structuring and implementing new and innovative ideas with the help of a team .	1
4657	 To conclude , I would say that people should create a sense of co - operation in their children to make them feel more accomplished in life .	1
4658	 Man to man interaction changed	0
4659	 Nowadays , the variety of communication systems used widely .	0
4660	 As technology develops , it has negative influences in many respects .	0
4661	 However , I strongly agree with that the technology has large positive effects on relationships between people .	1
4662	 The main advantage is that technology has enabled people stay in contact with each other more closely .	1
4663	 While public use the Internet or smart phone to share information to each other at different positions .	1
4664	 Instead of using letters , technology advanced not only gives us more spare time but also convenient and efficient .	1
4665	 More , even if family members who are in different countries , they also can use the Internet to connect each others , especially though the images or videos , they can feel close .	1
4666	 Furthermore , technology is also essential for students , live in remote districts , shared the valuable natural resources with friends .	1
4667	 Another issue is that in the ever - accelerated updating of science and technology , technology provides opportunities for people to establish the social network .	1
4668	 In the past , people might have had pen friends in other countries , but now , thanks to the social networking websites , people can easily to find someone who has similar interests .	1
4669	 Also , they can connect with friends who have been out of touch for a long time by using the Internet .	1
4670	 In this way , technology is beneficial to humanity develops positive relationships .	1
4671	 In conclusion , I agree with that the technology has more optimal effects on people ' s interaction , because it helps ordinary people to make new friends and to maintain relationships .	1
4672	 Sense of cooperation	0
4673	 In present educational system there are variety of competitions in academic area and athletic area for children to attend , which could stimulating the will of children to learn and to achieve the best of them , and also be able to teach them teamwork skill .	0
4674	 However , some people think it is better to make children be competitive than cooperative , both the values have its arguments .	0
4675	 A strong competition sense helps children having urge to learn or to practice for being the best among peers , and this factor is initially arises from the schools and parents , to encourage children to get the highest scores through the grading system .	1
4676	 Even though a competitive child is usually more motivated to pursue a goal or to face difficulties independently , but it is also risky that children are becoming too competitive to cooperating with others .	1
4677	 Being competitive leads them to success , but could also restrict them in many ways .	1
4678	 For example , it might be hard for a competitive person to deal or manage in a team work project .	1
4679	 On the other hand , cooperation is also an essential quality for children , no matter in school activities or in communities .	1
4680	 Having a good cooperating spirit helps kids to communicate and get along with others , which gives them more possibility to solve problems or to achieve a goal easily by working as a team .	1
4681	 After all , in society , there is hardly anyone who could has big achievement by oneself .	1
4682	 For example , famous singers or movie stars , despite of their talent to make them successful , there are always a team to manage works or deal with things .	1
4683	 In my point of view , though competitive child would have more motivation and perspective that leads them to success , but it would not help them much once they enter to society or company which required more about skill of team work .	1
4684	 To sum up , I would say that schools and adults should put a sense of cooperation in children to make them becoming a useful adult whether in society or community .	1
4685	 High sum of money of modern artist	0
4686	 The amount of money people earning sometimes is unfair .	0
4687	 In a field of art , modern artist may receive high salary for their masterpiece creation while labors should be break their bone for years to get similar amount of money .	0
4688	 Although some people view that government should be take a responsibility for this unfair situation , critics against such view .	0
4689	 I agree that in this occasion the government is not granted to hand in .	1
4690	 Proficiency brings perfectness in terms of art work .	1
4691	 It is true while the modern artists who implement their creative thinking onto high value creation are paid with immense sum by the art collector .	1
4692	 Also , the high sum which modern artists receive is related to the quality instead of the quantity and their rare talent .	1
4693	 For example , a 15 centimeter Buddha temple made by hand is granted times in comparison with factory production .	1
4694	 On the other hand , modern artists also devote themselves find a unique concept in which ordinary people cannot do , such making impossible become possible .	1
4695	 He granted huge sums for such idea .	1
4696	 Striking contrast , labor working in the merchandise factory receive coin of dollar even they make a hundred of 15 cm Buddha temples a day .	1
4697	 Moreover , government cannot equalize the price of creation of modern artist because there is no certain parameter to value it , art value is about taste .	1
4698	 Having said that the huge sums of modern artists receives related to their struggle in the field of art , while the term of struggle might different with other field of job .	1
4699	 I agree that government cannot take steps to make the salary between modern artists and other job similar because art price is about taste .	1
4700	 Working Extended hours should restricted	0
4701	 Working longer hours is becoming prevalent in these days .	0
4702	 I believe many of people including me are not really considering the importance of health .	0
4703	 The need for increased working hours might be because of enhanced competitive environment and desire to acquire much money and promotion .	0
4704	 However , people working for extended hours have been found having adverse effects on their health and personal life .	1
4705	 In my opinion , a balance between personal and professional life should be created by restricting maximum number of working hours .	1
4706	 First of all , many of us would agree to the fact that people ; who prefer working longer hours , do not find time to focus on their health .	1
4707	 By working too long , they often become tired , lazy and reluctant to carry out physical exercise in order to remain fit and healthy and eventually loose health and become sick .	1
4708	 Moreover , they become extensively addicted to their work and become workaholic type persons .	1
4709	 The repercussion are so severe that their families and friends remain deprived off their attention and in the end they end up losing balance between their family and personal life .	1
4710	 Secondly , these workaholic people do not spend time for the contribution of society by actively participating in any social campaign .	1
4711	 As they usually remain busy in their office so they do not find leisure time for such social activities .	1
4712	 For instance , I would take my boss ' s example ; he has been working for extended hours in office for many years .	1
4713	 Recently , his health and personal life was drastically affected as he broke up with his wife and his family life has totally been in chaos and cries .	1
4714	 He started regretting afterwards and now trying to manage his work but it seems to be too late for him .	1
4715	 To conclude this , I would strongly emphasis and recommend , Government must include the clause of maximum number of working hours in its Labor Law and enforce to all companies for ensuring their employees do not spend extended hours in companies .	1
4716	 This will help in uplift of society , and bring the lost equilibrium between personal and professional life of each individual person .	1
4717	 A successful person is one who has earned a lot of money	0
4718	 It ' s such a common definition of a successful person is one who has earned a lot of money , especially in nowadays society .	0
4719	 Each individual visualize success differently .	0
4720	 Still , my term of a successful man is one who has certain achievements in life rather than the one with a high income .	1
4721	 Money is undeniably pivotal , but ways of earning it is also various .	1
4722	 A person ' s great prosperity does not state that he has gained it ethically by himself .	1
4723	 Nevertheless , a man can only achieve his accomplishment through hard - working , dedication and passion .	1
4724	 Whether it is a personal or a social achievement , that man is laudable .	1
4725	 More importantly , the more beneficial for the society his achievement is , the more successful he is considered .	1
4726	 For instance , Thomas Edison is undeniably considered as one of the greatest inventors in the 20th century since his invention ' s productivity is countless useful for mankind .	1
4727	 On the other hand , the fact of knowing a man ' s utilization of his money remains in the dark .	1
4728	 Therefore , judging a person by his income is difficult , especially in the success aspect .	1
4729	 In conclusion , using only money as a scale to measure a man ' s success is impossible despite the fact that it is the essential in basic needs .	1
4730	 Yet , it is the common scene that a man can be publicly considered successful when his achievements , which can only accomplished by passion , dedication and ethics , are helpful not only for himself .	0
4731	 Advertising impact on people ' s choice of consumption	0
4732	 Nowdays , people ' s choice of consumption is heavily affected by various of advertising on television , street , magazine etc .	0
4733	 This argument may be true that people will be swayed by the advertising and buy things they do not need it for their life .	1
4734	 For example , in most asian countries , advertisement company usually hire popular singers or actors to advertise the products to boosts the sales , and some people , especially adolescent may buy things from their favourite singer advertised to support their idol instead of to fill their needs .	1
4735	 In addition , products usually look more gorgeous and with good quality in advertisement , people are more likely to buy goods impulsively without a second thought .	1
4736	 A good advertisement can convince people to believe that it is what they want , even though it is not the real needs of the society .	1
4737	 And there are always people purchase particular products swayed by advertising which makes it a trend to follow for other people who is unnecessarily need it .	1
4738	 However , buying habit is a very personal things for individuals , the advertisement is not the only cause for people to buy , sometimes it depends on one ' s needs and ability of consumption .	1
4739	 It is unlikely to buy things impulsively for adults who have concern of arranging disposable income .	1
4740	 Most of them have to allocate the money if they doing other purchase .	1
4741	 On the other hand , children and adolescents who is not economic independence is more possible to buy things impulsively without considering whether they need it or not , since they do not have financial pressure from life and ability to define what is necessary .	1
4742	 In my opinion , I think buying habit is people ' s choice to make , not entirely affected by advertisements .	1
4743	 But for children or adolescents who is not mentally develop , it might be hard for them not to swayed by advertising .	1
4744	 So it is important that government needs to impose rules on particularly advertisement company ( for example , toys company ) to avoid youngster have bias thought on what they really need .	1
4745	 Schools should only teach children the academic subject	0
4746	 People have many different views about what subjects should be taught in school .	0
4747	 Although I accept that students have to study many subjects in school , I disagree with the idea that unimportant subjects such as music and sports should be got rid of the program .	1
4748	 Many people believe that students only need to study academic subjects like mathematics , physics because these subject are necessary for students ' future .	1
4749	 This is understandable when labor market now has high competition ; students have to meet requirements regard of qualification .	1
4750	 In addition , the unemployment rate is always high , so their parents want children to study these subjects which can help students have a job .	1
4751	 Although those above reasons are acceptable , I would argue that there are many things much more important than having a job .	1
4752	 Firstly , studying music , art or sports is also very important to students .	1
4753	 This enables students to develop their potentials through discovering the natural world around them .	1
4754	 Secondly , to get a job in labor market , not only do students require hard skills but also soft skills such as teamwork , presentation .	1
4755	 For instance , through taking part in a sport , students can understand team spirit and learn lessons about teamwork skills .	1
4756	 Therefore , these subjects might fulfil the students ' ability .	1
4757	 Finally , children ' s future do not depend heavily on the academic subjects they study in school , it is the result of their efforts and capacity .	1
4758	 In conclusion , although the academic subjects play a primary role in nurturing children , it seem to me that the effects of learning music , sports are profound .	1
4759	 Internet will end the era of newspapers and magazines	0
4760	 Digital media has been extremely popular among people around the globe .	0
4761	 With this advancement , newspapers and magazines are struggling to justify their existence .	0
4762	 Some believe that traditional paper media will come to an end very soon due to the increased usage of internet based media .	0
4763	 But many other still thinks they are going to stay .	0
4764	 I agree to the argument that newspapers and magazines will be history with the time .	1
4765	 I will establish my view by analysing how internet presents the information about the current affair so fast and the accessibility to the historical news .	1
4766	 A very important responsibility of media is to publish information about the current affairs as quickly as possible specially when there is a crisis .	1
4767	 This helps readers to get updated and act accordingly .	1
4768	 For example , when the aircraft MH 370 went missing , everyone wanted to know the details about this tragic incident .	1
4769	 The friends and families of passengers and crews were impatient to know the truth .	1
4770	 In such situations , newspapers and magazines can not respond as fast as digital media .	1
4771	 Instead of waiting for next publication , people can get trustworthy information about the current incidents from internet within an hour or two .	1
4772	 This explains why digital media will rule over paper and magazines .	1
4773	 People often want to access news from past for various reasons like to prepare for research , satisfy interest , etc .	1
4774	 For example , one research fellow may want to know how a small village named Oramaki in Japan was suffering after Second World War .	1
4775	 It is very difficult to get this sort of information from past in newspapers and magazines as one has to know before where to look at .	1
4776	 But internet provides efficient search facility where one can search the topic and get the details .	1
4777	 This feature of digital media is not supported by newspapers and magazines .	1
4778	 To conclude , the fast responding internet media with vast information will be replacing newspapers and magazines as new and information provider for valid reasons .	1
4779	 Though considering the current infrastructure and mindset of people , paper media will continue for another few years .	1
4780	 Factor of choosing a career .	0
4781	 In many societies , choice of a job depends on the size of the salary offered .	0
4782	 Nevertheless , while I admit that the salary is very pivotal factor , I claim that there are other equally vital aspects that need to be considered in this regard .	1
4783	 To begin with , I agree that in order for people to cover their daily and general needs they need money as well .	1
4784	 However , aspects such as : friendly colleagues , environment and work - place condition , sometimes , have even more impact on person ' s happiness and quality of life .	1
4785	 People , for instance , who don ' t like their co - workers and working condition are considered less satisfied with their jobs , despite of a high salary .	1
4786	 In this sense , it is also one very salient proof of the accuracy of my position .	0
4787	 Further and even more importantly , most of the satisfaction of a job comes to people from their professional achievements , skills and the position they reach .	1
4788	 In other words , career promotion or getting some kind of credit from the administration of a company or organization are , likely , more enjoyable achievements than getting a high salary .	1
4789	 For example , people , who work in monotonous jobs , where no achievements or a new positions can be reached feel themselves more dissatisfied , even though they have a very good salaries .	1
4790	 In conclusion , I disagree with the idea that salary outweighs any other motivators , as there are other even more important aspects such as : friendly co - workers , working conditions and professional achievements .	1
4791	 Children from poorer families are more successful in the future life .	0
4792	 According to some people , child who is brought up in less well - off family is more quick - witted and can tackle with an adult life problems better than who is from affluent ones .	0
4793	 However , I completely disagree with this position .	0
4794	 To begin with , children from poorer families are prone to have bad habits such as : crime , thievery and thuggery .	1
4795	 Moreover , these people will not have an access to a good education .	1
4796	 As a result , they can be proselytized into bad isms .	1
4797	 For example , most of the terroristic groups try to attract uneducated people , because the person with better education has a wider outlook , which will allow no brainwash .	1
4798	 In this sense , people with lower level of education have more proneness to be attracted in such isms .	1
4799	 Nevertheless , people who are born in well - off families have access to good education , which will have a positive impact on their later life .	1
4800	 Secondly , children from rich families have better skills on how to use money , because they use it a lot of times .	1
4801	 Finally , wealthy families can afford better health services and costly medicines , which will be very beneficial for the health of a child .	1
4802	 For instance , many good medicines cost vast amounts of money , which cannot be afforded by poorer families .	1
4803	 In conclusion , I disagree with the opinion that children who are brought up in less well - of families are , likely , more successful in the future life due to aforementioned reasons .	1
4804	 Recent medical problems and sedentary lifestyle .	0
4805	 It is certainly true that modern people are facing up to a new health problems and ailments than before .	1
4806	 Many people claim that it is because of sedentary lifestlyle .	1
4807	 However , while I accept that sedentary lifestyle is one of the key factors , I believe that some other factors are having even a greater impact .	0
4808	 To begin with , I agree that sedentary lifestyle lead to many serious health problems .	1
4809	 The main reason why people are becoming so addicted to sitting at their homes even for the whole day is an advance technology .	1
4810	 In earlier times , for instance , even the types of entertainment tools were not in large numbers and all of them required physical presence and as a result they had more outdoor activities .	1
4811	 Nowadays people , especially inhabitants of cities , are spending most of their time on sitting in front of TV or other tools .	1
4812	 Nevertheless , there are some other causes why people are experiencing serious medical problems .	1
4813	 Firstly , the environment of the modern world polluted very significantly from greenhouse gas emissions and other gasses .	1
4814	 Many people , for example , are suffering from allergy because of these gasses .	1
4815	 Secondly , foods with a low quality such as fast foods , junk foods and any genetically modified ones are influencing to our health very negatively .	1
4816	 Finally , life becoming more stressful due to some recent problems such as traffic gam , traffic accidents and others .	1
4817	 Given these evidences , it can be seen that people are facing up with many recently appeared illnesses due to aforementioned reasons .	1
4818	 Problems and benefits of international tourism	0
4819	 Along with the advancement of long - distance transportation , international tourism has boomed in the last few decades .	0
4820	 Some people believe that this has brought more problems than benefits .	0
4821	 I disagree with this view .	0
4822	 I admit that tourism can have a negative impact on the natural environment .	1
4823	 In order to meet the needs of tourists , local governments are likely to build more facilities and infrastructures around tourist attractions , which may result in the destruction of natural habitats .	1
4824	 Tourism also creates more pollution and waste , including growing emission of greenhouse gases , dumped leftovers and overuse of water , power and other kind of energy in luxurious hotels .	1
4825	 Based on these grounds , it seems that tourism puts great pressure on ecosystem and local resources , and it should not be encouraged .	1
4826	 However , flourishing tourism in a place can be very rewarding in terms of local economy .	1
4827	 Holiday makers flocking to other countries are not only bound to spend on tickets of attractions , but also pay for food , accommodation , transportation and entertainment .	1
4828	 Both local people and governments can make a large amount of money through these services , and more employment opportunities can be created as well .	1
4829	 I also believe the revenue earned form tourism can be used in turn to reduce pollution and protect the environment .	1
4830	 Furthermore , the increasing development of tourism is a boon to travelers as well .	1
4831	 The provision of direct airlines makes it possible for them to travel conveniently and comfortably .	1
4832	 With adequate local facilities and services available , they can spend more of their holidays having fun and relaxing .	1
4833	 In addition , both locals and tourists can experience more cultures than ever before , and they can be more open - minded to eliminate preconceptions and deepen mutual understanding among nations .	1
4834	 In conclusion , the prosperity of tourism can provide benefits for people on a global scale .	1
4835	 Although there are some inevitable problems , they are outweighed by advantages and can be tackled if proper measures are taken .	1
4836	 How to learn children more efficiently	0
4837	 Education is undeniably pivotal for an individual .	0
4838	 Although , it is agreed that learning by watching TV is more effective to some children , I find it difficult not to oppose against the idea of having students spend more time on TVs .	0
4839	 The reason for this is traditional education has its stand for most appropriate method .	1
4840	 Thus , physical inactivity should not be encouraged for the aim of bettering youngsters ' skills .	1
4841	 To begin with , classic teaching methods has been scientifically proven and utilized as the best mode of educate a child .	1
4842	 Technology and its advance , to some degrees , have influenced the educational industry positively .	1
4843	 Nevertheless , it has not changed the importance of teachers ' role in classes .	1
4844	 The fact that students nowadays do their homework or researches on computers rather than go to libraries is an illustration for this .	1
4845	 Yet , monitors are unable to replace the appearance of educators since their knowledge and adaptability is priceless .	1
4846	 Therefore , teacher cannot be switched with some unconscious screens .	1
4847	 Secondly , watching television is a very passive action and should not be promoted by increasing periods spent on it .	1
4848	 On the other hand , children who have had such activities that interrelate to creativity , cooperation , competition tend to perform significantly better in general terms .	1
4849	 For instance , a conducted experiment indicates out - performance in skills like differentiate types of plants or animals of a child that experienced various activities in nature to a child spent most of his time watching documentaries .	1
4850	 As a result , such activities can equip a child necessary skill that is useful for his future career .	1
4851	 In conclusion , despite the fact that learning by watching TV suits some children , kids should never be encourage to engage in such passive activity .	1
4852	 School has been applying traditional teaching procedure since for ages .	1
4853	 Additionally , it still performs at its best to equip a child with essential skills .	1
4854	 The option to work or study from home is advantage or disadvantage	0
4855	 Undoubtedly this is an era of internet which impacts one ' s personal as well as professional life .	0
4856	 The effect is seen more on the developed countries where people choose to work or study from home instead of going to office or university .	0
4857	 Some consider this approach to be an advantage while others reject this as a disadvantage .	0
4858	 Both the points of views will be discussed in order .	0
4859	 On the one hand , the benefit that professionals or students get by connecting from home is enormous .	1
4860	 For one , it helps working people to maintain work life balance .	1
4861	 The best example is the new mother who can join her work as well as take care of her baby .	1
4862	 People also get the desired flexibility in terms of working hours .	1
4863	 For students too , studying from home is an attractive option .	1
4864	 They save the travelling time to Universities and utilize that time on their studies .	1
4865	 In a busy city like Tokyo , students waste a lot of time in travelling .	1
4866	 Thus , the advantages that people enjoy by working or studying from home , are obvious .	1
4867	 On the other hand , one part of the society , has doubt over the productivity of people who prefers to work or study from home .	0
4868	 Many employers argue that once an employee works from isolation , he or she spends a lot of time in communication via phone or email with colleagues .	1
4869	 This harms an employee ' s deliverable .	1
4870	 Teachers think that students get affected too as they can not clear their doubts in study topics instantly .	1
4871	 Due to this they lag in their studies .	0
4872	 These factors affect people who work or study from home .	1
4873	 Following both the point of views , the option of working or studying from home is thought to provide more benefits than drawbacks .	1
4874	 It is hoped that people will continue to use internet to work or study and improve on the disadvantages into the foreseeable future .	0
4875	 Some celebrities misguide young people & some guide them in right direction	0
4876	 Some people think that celebrities are known for their glamorous lifestyle rather than the work they do .	0
4877	 While I agree this will bring negative impacts on the younger generation , this is not necessarily the case for those celebrities who are ambitious in their jobs .	1
4878	 It is true that some celebrities tend to show off their images in front of the public .	1
4879	 For example , some movie starts enjoy wearing luxury brand clothes and showing their expensive life style in front of the media , thereby gaining the public attention .	1
4880	 If they continue to behave in such a way , it will create a misleading image to young people who may think that extraordinary life can be achieved without hard work .	1
4881	 Consequently , the attention of young people may become focused on chasing the dream of celebrity status .	1
4882	 This is detrimental to study and work ethics and habits .	0
4883	 Nevertheless , I believe that other celebrities do set up role models to young people because of their visible accomplishments .	1
4884	 Firstly , celebrities such as sports player whose performance and professional skills can be directly seen by their fans .	1
4885	 This means that people understand that the great deal of efforts on training is directly linked to their results .	1
4886	 Therefore , this kind of self - made celebrity can inspire children to develop their talents through application and perseverance .	1
4887	 Secondly , other celebrities such as musician also have achieved great success in their career .	1
4888	 Take Michael Jackson as an example , his works are widely spread around the world , and have been extremely welcomed by the younger generation .	1
4889	 His songs spread the idea that people should care about each other , which suggests to young people how to become a good member of society .	1
4890	 In summary , although some celebrities misguide young people by showing their external wealth and appearance , other celebrities do lead young people in the right direction .	1
4891	 Old and young workers	0
4892	 Throughout human history , the offspring has always proved its stronger adaptability and advancement than its predecessor .	0
4893	 This is still true in the industrial society nowadays , where younger workers are preferably employed and promoted rather than over - 50 workers .	0
4894	 There are three reasons that can explain their unresponsiveness to the modern workplace .	0
4895	 First and foremost , old workers are not a patch on the younger ones for their unchanged paradigm .	1
4896	 The old were raised in poverty , probably caused by war , look at the world from a negative and pessimistic point of view .	1
4897	 The misery is so ingrained in their mind that they refuse to change , or more precisely , to accept the existence of such modernity .	1
4898	 For example , most would rather choose to piece together parts of a machine than have it done by a robot for their disbelief of its efficiency and safety compared with human ' s capability .	1
4899	 Secondly , their unresponsiveness can be attributed to their attitude towards life .	1
4900	 In other words , that they are aware of their deteriorating health and lack of enthusiasm comes with their taste for monotony and safe ideology .	1
4901	 This , by all means , is outweigh by youngsters ' adventurousness and bravery .	1
4902	 Blatantly seen , success of most companies stems from young people , whose enterprising ideas that catch up with the world is regarded as wind of refreshment .	1
4903	 Last but not least , knowledge is worth mentioning as a key factor to help young workers outrank the elderly .	1
4904	 Who would the employer choose , an old man with old - fashioned education and a young man who is not only good at fundermentaly subject , but also knows how to program or how to speak foreign languages .	1
4905	 Not to undermine old workers , but their lack of authority over such basically required fields in this day and age leads to their incompetence in every modern workplace .	1
4906	 All in a nutshell , workers over 50 have proven themselves subordinate to the following generation in all aspects .	1
4907	 However , in my point of view , it is still of great importance to remain the harmonious coexistence of both sides for the smooth sailing of the company .	1
4908	 Machines - positive or negative for humans	0
4909	 Advancements in technology have touched new heights in past few decades .	0
4910	 This can be seen no where clearer than in increasing use of machines now a days .	0
4911	 These machines reduce the physical work done by humans .	0
4912	 Some people think that this is a positive development while others believe it to be disadvantageous for humans . Both sides will be critiqued before a reasoned conclusion is reached .	0
4913	 It is felt by many that the usage of machines is harmful for health of humans since machines decrease the work done by people .	1
4914	 For example , in many institutions staircases are replaced by lifts now a days .	1
4915	 People opt for elevators instead of climbing one or two flight of stairs .	1
4916	 It is confirmed in a number of researches that daily usage of elevators in workplaces promotes obesity .	1
4917	 So this example clearly shows the linkage between using machines and adverse health effects .	1
4918	 On other side of the coin , many people believe that usage of machines makes work easier and less time is consumed for doing similar amount of work .	1
4919	 Take the example of use of food processors in kitchens .	1
4920	 The work of chopping , blending , grating , kneading has become so easy that people can not imagine their lives without this simple machine at their homes .	1
4921	 Thus it is very obvious that using machines makes daily tasks less time consuming and less cumbersome .	1
4922	 After analyzing these two points of view , it is believed that using machines is advantageous as machines make work easy and smooth .	1
4923	 The negative effects on health can be put on the back seat because there are many other ways to exercise and stay healthy .	1
4924	 Therefore , it is hoped that in coming time people will enjoy using more and more machines and will choose alternative ways to stay disease free .	0
4925	 Way to reduce the amount of traffic ?	0
4926	 Big cities nowadays can be described as melting pots .	0
4927	 The problem off traffic overload , caused by overpopulation , has aroused interest of many city planners .	0
4928	 It is argued that only if the demand to go out on the street is cut down can we solve the seemingly insurmountable issue of traffic gridlock .	0
4929	 However , I have to profoundly disagree for there are still two viable solutions besides besides this way .	0
4930	 First of all , public transport is a key factor to minimize the number of vehicles on the street .	1
4931	 Buses and trains have been phased in the streets for quite a long time and have proven themselves the best candidates among all options .	1
4932	 Apparently , a bus can carry no less than 30 people , while a train can carry as much as nine or even ten times of that number .	1
4933	 Not to mention the fact that highway train is operated underground , which leaves the street above with buses and non - fuel - based vehicles .	1
4934	 Together , they will lessen the crowded image in most cities nowadays .	1
4935	 Second , rarely do we realize the helpful existence of urban areas .	0
4936	 It is believed that if some of the enormous shopping malls or universities were relocated in the commuter belt , the city street would be les burstling and overly - teemed as it is now .	1
4937	 As a rule of thumb , huge centers of attention distributed equally in a wide region means that residential areas will come along thus exert less pressure on the public facilities .	1
4938	 The city itself will be absolved of enduring the influx of immigrants as well as unemployed people .	1
4939	 In conclusion , city planner can still opt for non - personal vehicle and the exploitation of the suburb areas .	1
4940	 It is highly recommended to put forward such solution , especially in some developing countries like Vietnam or China , with the ever - growing demand for job or education .	0
4941	 Effect of celebrities on youth	0
4942	 Young people all over the world are greatly influenced by media and celebrities .	0
4943	 These celebrities are popular among younger generations because of their glamorous lifestyles .	0
4944	 It is agreed that following celebrities can be dangerous for the youth .	1
4945	 This will be proven by looking at how health and personality of young people is affected by following celebrities as their mentors .	0
4946	 First of all , it is seen that following celebrities blindly affects the health of adolescents .	1
4947	 Many young people indulge themselves in drugs and start smoking at an early age .	1
4948	 For example , in a survey carried out in a university , it was asked to students that why did they start smoking , then around forty percent of individuals answered that they wanted to look like their favorite screen actor while smoking cigarettes .	1
4949	 This example makes it clear that imitating celebrities has a negative influence on health of young individuals .	1
4950	 Secondly , it is believed that when youth follows celebrities it affects personality of young people in a bad way .	1
4951	 Adolescents follow not only the make up and attire of their favorite stars but also their behavior .	1
4952	 For instance recently in a poll conducted by an American magazine it was found that most of the parents and teachers complain that teenagers use derogatory words and abusive language at home and at schools .	1
4953	 So , this example makes it obvious that these glamorous celebrities have a poor effect on the conduct of young people .	1
4954	 Thus to conclude , it can be said that when young people follow celebrities , it affects their health as well as behavior in a negative way .	1
4955	 This has an overall effect on personality and future of an individual .	1
4956	 Therefore it is recommended that young people should be educated not to follow these celebrities blindly , rather they should focus on their career so that they may hope for a bright future .	0
4957	 The gender issue for getting education needs	0
4958	 The gender issues have been already discussing for many years in order to give solutions for realising the equal proportion of developing human resources .	0
4959	 Implementing the statue and right of equal education are believed as a sustainable policy that should be held .	0
4960	 Nowadays , there are many institutions that accept the same average number of male and female students in many kinds of course .	1
4961	 I strongly agree about this statement .	0
4962	 The proportion of women is rising year by year in many parts of the world recently .	1
4963	 Automatically , the issue stimulates the stakeholders from many places to think what kind of preparations they should take for stabilising the economic growth and the quality life of people .	1
4964	 We can see now that women tend to work in various fields which in the past normally done by men such as being engineers , and dealing with machines .	1
4965	 Those activities have proven that women can also do the men ' s works .	1
4966	 Therefore , female students are indicated having the same potential and capability as men .	1
4967	 Another reason is order to gaining higher education degree as it is required to establish a person ' s career .	0
4968	 These days , it is so hard for young people to get a proper job when they have not degree certificate from Universities .	1
4969	 So , learning from human ' s history , education provides someone to widen his or her knowledge and experience for facing the real situation of workplace through subject taught in college .	1
4970	 According to this opinion , giving equal education for both men and women is a must .	1
4971	 In conclusion , the needs for having developed - skills and gaining degree certificate in order to build someone ' s career are totally needed to implement and applied for any gender .	1
4972	 As the world ' s situation is always changing , act for distributing education needs are absolutely important to compete the future challenges .	1
4973	 Smoking should be made prohibited in public places	0
4974	 People the world over have designated smoothing as a shameful practice and a lethal habit .	0
4975	 Several millions of smokers die suffering from cancers such as lung and oral .	0
4976	 This bad habit also responsible for causing health hazards to passive - smokers : who are around smoking is taken place .	0
4977	 Thus , it is argued that smoking should be made prohibited in public places such as bus and railway stations .	1
4978	 This position will be proven by looking at how this arrangement has benefited both general public as well as smokers .	0
4979	 To start , non - smoking public would be undoubtedly benefited by enforcing such restrain .	1
4980	 Prior to 1980 ' s public places in Sri Lanka , illustrates unpleasant situation where people smoked freely .	1
4981	 Even in public transportation they engaged in this intolerant bad habit , some instances that lead to belligerent incidents .	1
4982	 After enforcing restrictions the situation came to control and this act as benefit rendered to the public .	1
4983	 In addition to this , introducing smoking ban in public places would greatly discourage people from engaging tobacco puffing .	1
4984	 For instance , further enforcement banned smoking in capital in Sri Lanka has reduced this consumption related diseases and deaths , as per the ministry of health .	1
4985	 As this shows , smoking restrictions has successfully daunted public from this bad puffing that put less strain on country ' s healthcare systems .	1
4986	 After analyzing smoke illegalization in public places in Sri Lanka , it has been proven benefits people enjoy this arrangement .	1
4987	 It is thus hoped governments would consider smoke banning in public places following footsteps of Sri Lanka as well as many other countries .	0
4988	 Future information technology : positive or negative ?	0
4989	 The appearance of information technology ( IT ) in the last 20 years has brought about significant developments in life standard as well as work efficiency .	0
4990	 However , it is believed that the evolution also proves to be detrimental .	0
4991	 In my opinion , there is a likelihood that future developments in IT will put the users at their own expense .	1
4992	 With the rapid developing pace , IT seems to have turned its users to its slaves .	1
4993	 In the past , there used to be World Wide Web or e - mail , but the cyber world now varies form games , online TV shows to means of communication , and probably still keeps going .	1
4994	 Such irrisistible temptations drift people from the real world to the unreal ones , resulting in their dependence on technical equipment .	1
4995	 What is more , the lack of soft skills attained form outdoor activities will agitate the IT addict , therefore , staying inside with computer and mobile phone will always be the first alternative .	1
4996	 Future IT has also aroused concern on health issues .	0
4997	 The existence of Skype , Viber or Yahoo has notably reduced even the longest distance into one click .	1
4998	 As a result , rarely do people go out of their comfot zone , provided with snack and air conditioner , to assemble with others in flesh .	1
4999	 Needless to say , their action will make a beeline for obesity , short - sighted , diabetes and other heart - related problems .	1
5000	 In conclusion , despite the contribution of IT to the society , its effect on the users ' independence and prositution should not be out of concern .	1
5001	 To my mind , there have to be some alterations before IT has more serious impact on each individual ' s life .	1
5002	 The maintenance of traditional skills and ways of life ?	0
5003	 There is no doubt the application of technological developments in some countries will be accompanied with modern skills and new lifestyles .	0
5004	 It is argued that these so - called cultural invasions will result in the distinction of national traditions , and there is no need to maintain them .	0
5005	 However , from my point of view , what can be expected , is a change of the role of the tradition but not its disappearance from the society .	1
5006	 It is undeniable that the country ' s culture is passed down mainly through traditional skills and ways of life .	1
5007	 For instance , in Vietnam , many water puppet shows which once demonstrated our seasonal agriculture and communal activities , are today substituted by cinemas and music concerts .	1
5008	 This means the young generation can solely get access to their ancestor ' s early life through books and images , which otherwise would be much more easily absorbed .	1
5009	 In tradition , a person should look back at the past , mainly by means of custom handcraft or antique lifestyle , to progress .	1
5010	 Understanding why , and how our predecessors survived through thick and thin will probably be invaluable lessons for us today .	1
5011	 Also , study form their mistakes helps us accomplish our goal with smooth sailing .	1
5012	 To sumarize , there should never be any replacement for traditional skills or ways of life .	1
5013	 They are the ones that teach , and will teach us to be self - esteem and experienced , which means their preservation throughout history deserve our attention .	1
5014	 The zoo deserves maintenance and public respect	0
5015	 For a long time , the zoo has been a second home to endangered animals .	0
5016	 However , other people believe that the existence of zoos is next to nothing .	0
5017	 In my opinion , the zoo deserves maintenance and public respect for two specific reasons .	1
5018	 First of all , the zoo should be considered as a means of education with regard to providing real and vivid materials for learners .	1
5019	 With zoos , pupils will have a chance of observing the habit and unique instinct of , for instance , a lion or a crocodile .	1
5020	 At a higher level , it is of university students ' benefits to do biological research based on practical statistics and live recordings , which otherwise would not be at hand .	1
5021	 This means that the zoos conduce to the acquisition of knowledge at various levels .	1
5022	 Secondly , the zoo also serve as a means of ecological protection .	1
5023	 Nowadays the process of globalisation is accompanied by the encroachment upon natural habitats , which consequently calls for the help of zoos .	1
5024	 What is more , the ever - increasing huntings are having a heavy toll on rare and specious species .	1
5025	 Only when zoos appear are such distinction - driven animals as : giraffe , panda , koala or leopard provided with their own inaccessible territory .	1
5026	 In sum , the role of zoos towards both human and animals is undeniably indispensable .	1
5027	 It is highly recommended that zoos should be seen with different perspective in order to function at their most efficiency .	0
5028	 Languages ' extinction , discuss both views	0
5029	 It is true that the increasing number of languages which are at risk of extinction has become one of the most significant issues that many people of today ' s society are very concerned for .	0
5030	 The question whether our government should make an effort to preserve them by investing more money on that minority languages or not is still a debatable one .	0
5031	 I personally suppose that no matter how widely they are spoken , every language should be protected from being disappeared .	1
5032	 There are several reasons why saving regional languages could be seen as a waste of money .	1
5033	 Firstly , we need to consider that if the government expands the use scope of that languages , it can be really expensive because educational programmes will need to be given so as to keep young people learning and using them .	1
5034	 For example , some certain areas in the Southern Vietnam have been trying to help their secondary school students who are originally from khmer people speak their language beside Vietnamese , so the local government has recently struggled with their costly investments on language teachers , facilities and appropriate materials .	1
5035	 Secondly , it is obvious that in many aspects such as communication , trade , cooperation as well as transaction , it will be absolutely easier for the whole society to work together in one language only .	1
5036	 Despite of the above arguments , i still strongly believe that the government should try to preserve minority languages .	1
5037	 This is because language can be seen as much more than just one method of communication .	1
5038	 In addition , forming a language must be undergone thousands of years ; thus , it deserves to be respected and preserved .	1
5039	 Last but not least , language is one of the essential factors creating the differences and unique cutures in the world .	1
5040	 Therefore , saving the use of that kinds of languages in this case generally is the most important element of the cultural diversity ' s preservation .	1
5041	 In conclusion , although letting languages spoken by ethnic minorities be extinct seems to be very beneficial , it will definitely impact seriously on many other aspects especially in the loss of our cultural heritages .	1
5042	 Prevention is better than cure	0
5043	 This statement has raised a question whether the government should allocate a large sum out of the national health budget to educating and phasing in health - protected measures .	0
5044	 In my opinion , this plan should be put into practice for the two reasons mentioned accordingly .	1
5045	 No one can argue the importance to include health lessons in school programmes , especially at primary level , in the hope of raising people ' s awareness .	1
5046	 Children should be taught about balanced diets , nutritious food as well as harmful ones , thereby they will have a fundamental grasp of how to lead a healthy lifestyle .	1
5047	 What is more , it is much easier for people at early ages to form a habit of , for instance , not consuming too much fast food , over - fried food or intoxicants .	1
5048	 In addition , it will be of economic benefit to pre - empt certain kinds of diseases .	1
5049	 Needless to say , such unpreventable illnesses as cancer or HIV will cost the victim a fortune , not to cure , but to lengthen his longevity for 1 or 2 more years .	1
5050	 Similarly , if humans tend to keep fit more regularly by participating in outdoor activities or using health - care product , obesity , myopia or other diseases that require expensive treatments will never stand a chance .	1
5051	 To sum up , I have to concede to the materialistic diversion from treatment to health education and preventative measures .	1
5052	 This will yield positive results on not only the people ' s physical and mental development but also their finance .	1
5053	 University education restriction	0
5054	 Universtiy is an entrance to life .	0
5055	 It equips us with a package of wisdom and virtue to succeed .	0
5056	 It is the importance of university that raises a question whether students with best scholastic performance deserve university study or just any young wishful people .	0
5057	 Both sides are to be discussed before a conclusion is reached .	0
5058	 To begin with , outstanding academic students are eligible for university due to their intellectual advantage .	1
5059	 To be precise , such abstract or complicated informatin , easily absorbed by those students , may prove as a matter of pressure for those who lack equivalent skills .	1
5060	 Besides , it is undeniable that one deserves what he has done .	1
5061	 University is like a gift presented to those who have gone to great length to attain .	1
5062	 However , university is not just about academic studies but also a place to nurture artistic talent and develop soft skills .	1
5063	 Therefore , it should be up for grabs for a majority of young people , who wish to pursue their passion as well as develop comprehensively .	1
5064	 What is more , there is a tendency for social vices to rise if university is to be restricted to only the best people .	1
5065	 Apart from the disheartened ones , many devoiding of neccessary preparations are likely to be recipes for failure when applying for jobs , mostly the white - collar ones .	1
5066	 In conclusion , university restriction has both pros and cons .	1
5067	 In my opinion , it will yield more negative results than positive ones .	1
5068	 That ' s why it should be made available for a wide range of learners .	1
5069	 Teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects	0
5070	 Recently , there has been a social concern with regard to who is the best teacher for children ' s education .	0
5071	 Indeed , children grow up with two important people , their parents and teachers , and both are important in children ' s development .	0
5072	 As far as I am concerned , I agree with the view that the teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects .	1
5073	 In the first place , school teachers are more qualified than parents in the field of education .	1
5074	 For instance , to be able to obtain the teacher certificates , people need years of training at their normal schools to learn theoretical knowledge .	1
5075	 However , in comparison to teachers , parents tend to have less knowledge to teach their children ' s subjects such as mathematics and physics .	1
5076	 Furthermore , teaching staff are professional and experienced in terms of promoting children ' s communication skills .	1
5077	 For example , after many years of teaching experience , teacher are able to know how to help children to develop important life skills such as learning personal boundaries , facing future problems and learning important conflict resolution skills .	1
5078	 By contrast , parents are facing difficult generation gap with their children because they are less likely to know how to handle family conflicts in an efficient way .	1
5079	 Last but not least , compared with teachers , parents do not have enough time to spend with their children .	1
5080	 Nowadays we are facing a global economic crisis and it is necessary for both parents to work , hence there is only limited time for them to teach their children .	1
5081	 Thus , it was impossible for them to be a good teacher .	1
5082	 In conclusion , teachers are the best for children ' s education .	1
5083	 Not only do they contribute much to children ' s professional skills but also they can teach their students important social communication techniques in order to survive in this competitive world .	1
5084	 Salary is the most important consideration when choosing a job	0
5085	 Along with the increasing physical demands of human life , salary has become the most influential consideration in defining careers of everyone .	0
5086	 I personally suppose that there are still many other aspects which should be seen as important as income when people choose a job .	1
5087	 In the following paragraphs , some of my viewpoints would be given and analyzed respectively .	0
5088	 On one hand , i agree that money is very essential in order to meet human ' basic needs .	1
5089	 More specifically , people tend to choose high salary jobs so as to not only help themselves but also support partially or wholly their family ' s living needs such as food , clothes , accommodation , education , medication .	1
5090	 It is obvious that people who are woking in art or painting industries , for example , will find it quite difficult to live comfortably and enjoyably .	1
5091	 This is because they are doing what they love , their income however seems to be quite low compared to many other career paths .	1
5092	 On the other hand , i believe that if we are passionate about what we are working , we are likely to achieve success easily in that field .	1
5093	 There are plenty of people , who are now really successful , have started working in challenging as well as competitive fields as singers , dancers and painters .	1
5094	 Besides , important factors in choosing a job such as level of happiness , satisfaction of jobs , personal relationships , professional skills , working environment , managers and colleagues should not be underestimated .	1
5095	 Finally , some people choose a career due to their desire to help others and contribute positively to their countries and societies .	1
5096	 In conclusion , it is undeniable that income is still a vital determination impacting us on choices of careers .	1
5097	 Nonetheless , passion on jobs , in my opinion , can bring actual happiness and help us get promoted in working to earn even more money later on .	1
5098	 Increased taxation on petrol and diesel fuel to discourage private cars ?	0
5099	 There is no doubt our life has had a change for the better since cars were introduced .	0
5100	 However , cars themselves , especially private ones , have exerted severe pressure on the environment and economy for wasteful oil consumption .	0
5101	 While many believe that petrol and diesel fuel should be charged with the highest taxation , I strongly disagree with this notion .	1
5102	 One can not deny the fact that if petrol and fuel taxation are raised , people might hesitate choosing a personal automobile .	1
5103	 Taxation may have tackled the environmental issue simply by diverting people to public transportations such as trains , buses or ferries .	1
5104	 Additionally , for those who have already afforded a car , there is a likelihood it is restraint from usage on long journeys or to crowded cities .	1
5105	 However , taxation on flamable resources might backfire by conducing to inflation .	1
5106	 To be precise , the more costly petrol is , the higher the price of necessary product : rice , meat or even vegetable .	1
5107	 Consequently , people have to turn to cheaper alternatives , which might cause the abundance in goods and later on , economic crisis .	1
5108	 Another point that should be taken into account is countries that import oil will be more dependent on the exporters , both politically and financially .	1
5109	 Suppose that the those countries cut down on its oil support , other nations will have to pay more as well as release beneficial policies for them .	1
5110	 America , for example , has recently drawn its intervention in Russian crisis only due to the influx of oil .	1
5111	 To summarize , higher fuel and petrol cost has its own pros and cons .	1
5112	 However , it disadvantages may outweigh its advantages with regard to economic and politic issues , making it advisable to seek another options to reduce the use of personal cars .	1
5113	 Police force carries guns - significant impact for level of violence	0
5114	 The increasing number of street criminals leading to carrying guns in police force has become one of the most significant issues that many people of today ' s society are very concerned for .	0
5115	 Few individuals assume that this trend reflects and enhances the high level of violence in society .	1
5116	 I totally agree with this viewpoint for some specific reasons which would be given and analyzed in the following paragraphs .	0
5117	 First of all , we need to consider that police armed with guns or any other kinds of legal weapons just attempts to protect not only civilians but also himself .	1
5118	 As a result , criminals todays are very sophisticated so they spend a large amount of money to acquire modern weapons to cope with the police and serve their own nefarious needs .	1
5119	 Thus , citizens in that society can be shot by both police and offenders accidentally .	1
5120	 Moreover , while on duty , not only are private citizens affected but facilities such as cars , houses , streets are likely to be destroyed by guns .	1
5121	 Therefore , a society that its police force carries guns will be definitely seen as a highly violent one .	1
5122	 Secondly , police force carries guns only in high crime societies .	1
5123	 Hence , people and police in those ones usually deal with dangerous diverse crime ' s categories such as theft , robbery , murder , rape , vandalism , arson .	1
5124	 Obviously , Those are possibly the strongest evidences to determine a society suffering a high level of violence .	1
5125	 In conclusion , from the above views , although being armed with guns in the police force is necessary , it will bring the higher level of violence .	1
5126	 Additionally , the government should to impose strict laws in carrying weapons as well as give professional training to them in order to avoid any influence on civilians ' lives .	0
5127	 Negative effects of technological process	0
5128	 It is undeniable that technological process has brought numerous benefits making human life become more and more comfortable and easy .	0
5129	 Some individuals assume that this technological development also causes many drawbacks impacting seriously on our lives .	0
5130	 I personally disagree with this view .	0
5131	 In the following paragraphs , both sides of the above matter as well as my own view ' s explanations would be analyzed and given , respectively .	0
5132	 Firstly , it is undoubtedly that thanks to modern technology invented recently , human life has been improved dramatically .	1
5133	 Air - conditioners , computers , cellphones , washing machines , for example , is likely to be seen as greatest inventions helping people to reduce stress and time for other activities .	1
5134	 Moreover , applying technological science into the preparation of medications also plays a significant role in saving the number of patients ' lives .	1
5135	 However , some negative aspects of technological process need to be mentioned clearly .	0
5136	 In spite of bring fantastic advantages , technological products have devastated the natural environment indirectly through its production process .	1
5137	 This is because exploiting and collecting raw materials as well as essential fuels to serve the production of technological products have destroyed nature seriously .	1
5138	 Last but not least , technology may decrease a great deal of creativity in certain groups of people especially children and the youth due to the dependence upon available achievements .	1
5139	 In conclusion , I totally believe that technology has a great contribution to our lives and civilization .	1
5140	 We can not neglect profound impact of great technological process on human life .	1
5141	 Nonetheless , its adverse effects need controlling more reasonably .	0
5142	 Large amount of violence in television programs	0
5143	 Excessive violence in television programs has been one of the major concerns facing society .	0
5144	 Reducing such contents from TV shows is the widely accepted solution endorsed by the majority of governments throughout the world today .	0
5145	 Personally , I believe that governments should definitely reduce violent components to the minimum in kidvids , while such contents remain in the TV shows that for mature minds to watch would be entirely reasonable .	1
5146	 Admittedly , reducing the proportion of violent content in TV shows could , to some degree , decrease the overall crime rate .	1
5147	 However , in order to tackle this problem more effectively , governments must first prohibit any types of violent content in all children ' s television programs .	1
5148	 As a result of mental immaturity , most youngsters are incapable of distinguishing right from wrong .	1
5149	 Little wonder , then , that by watching these violent TV programs and videos , juveniles will become very aggressive and offensive and have a great tendency to commit crimes .	1
5150	 Therefore , it would be rather necessary for governments to establish an intensive law that prevents teenagers from watching these violent and brutal TV Shows and movies .	1
5151	 Nevertheless , it would certainly be a violation of adults ' civil liberties , if governments implement such a restricted regulation on these TV shows or movies that only for mature audiences .	1
5152	 Frequently , adults watch horror video or war movies for relaxing themselves after a busy day .	1
5153	 For whom , such media sources are mere materials of relaxation and entertainment .	1
5154	 Considering that these mature minds are capable of being responsible for their own behaviors , they certainly have the right to watch TV shows or movies that are appealing to them .	1
5155	 In conclusion , it is my belief that violent contents must be excluded from all kidvids in order to reduce the proportion of juvenile delinquency ; however , the adults should not be the victim of this policy .	1
5156	 Do guns can really increase the level of violence ?	0
5157	 The number of criminality is increase rapidly throughout the world .	0
5158	 Some inhabitants argue that this case appears because the guns are always used by a police to solve a criminal act .	0
5159	 Personally , I tend to disagree with this statement , while I believe that other factors contribute a slight incline level of violence .	0
5160	 On the one hand , I agree that a police holds a responsibility to tackle of violence in the urban or suburban areas using a gun .	1
5161	 An obvious example of this happens in The United State , a man killed more than ten people in the cinema using a weapon , while a police shot in the foot to paralyze him .	1
5162	 Obviously , police officers can force a criminal to surrender , because they have a weapon which will prevent an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public .	1
5163	 As a result , some military weapons need encouraging for police officers to protect the public and minimize the rate of violence .	1
5164	 On the other hand , there are some reason why the level of bloody increases significantly in the communities .	1
5165	 Firstly , the number of unemployment rate has risen to 15 percent in several globalized and non - globalized countries .	1
5166	 Many well - qualified and well - educated person cannot earn some money to live comfortably .	1
5167	 Secondly , cost of living in the big city is extremely expensive , so this problem impresses some people who live under the poverty line to do anything to pay their basic needs .	1
5168	 Many baggers chose to be a pickpocket in the public transport , for instance .	1
5169	 In conclusion , it seems to me that the guns which are used by police have not been a trigger of higher level of violence .	1
5170	 However , some cases occupy a crucial reason to do a criminality in society such unemployment .	0
5171	 In my view , the main focus is decreasing a level of unemployment to avoid a criminal act .	0
5172	 Gun control and increasing violence	0
5173	 Some people may argue that allowing policemen to carries firearms can increase violence in the society .	0
5174	 To some extent , I do not agree with this assertion because I believe that criminal minds that breed violence not stringent gun control .	1
5175	 First of all , it seems to be true that if there is gun control somehow crime has to decrease because fewer guns available mean less crime .	1
5176	 However , this is not as simple as it sounds .	1
5177	 In fact , stringent gun control does not decrease violence and crime because most gun violence is committed with guns obtained illegally .	1
5178	 People who are intent to commit crime and control cities through gang violence and other means will find a way to continue to use guns , regardless of gun control .	1
5179	 Moreover , there will be law non - abiding people anywhere in the world , either polices or common citizens .	1
5180	 As a result , the root of violence is criminal mind not the weapon itself .	1
5181	 Therefore , if a government wants to control crime in a community , it is important to manage their people ' s actions rather than gun used in violent crimes .	1
5182	 All in all , it is obvious that there is a poor relationship between polices carrying guns and an increasing violence rate .	1
5183	 On the other hand , criminal mind seems to be more related to violence .	1
5184	 Consequently , we should pay more attention to adjust people ' s behaviors in order to reduce crimes instead of gun control .	0
5185	 Celebrities & Their Influences	0
5186	 Some people argue that adolescents are being influenced badly by untalented people who become famous thanks to their luxurious lifestyle and wealth .	0
5187	 To some extent , I do not agree with this statement .	0
5188	 First of all , it is true that people use their money to become an inspiration are definitely not a good mirror for young people .	1
5189	 We definitely do not want our children to spend money on luxurious custom or lifestyle just to be similar to someone , especially when these people are not symbols of any talent but showing off .	1
5190	 However , the young generation these days is very conscious toward positive lifestyles .	1
5191	 They are mostly being educated at very early ages by family or schools as to distinguish what is benefit for them .	1
5192	 Therefore , it is not easy to influence young people these days when they are well equipped of life skills .	1
5193	 Moreover , it seems to me that not many people can exist in the celebrities ' world without any talents or achievements .	1
5194	 We are giving chances to many teenagers to show their intelligence in different talent shows , for example ; The Voice , X Factor or Next Top Models etc .	1
5195	 As a result , to become a star and an inspiration for people , a person need to have real talent to compete with other candidates .	1
5196	 Thus , only money and glamour look are not enough for a person to be recognized anymore , it is importance that they have to have achievements in order to be a muse to youngsters .	1
5197	 In conclusion , people without talents cannot be famous in this changing world and to be accredited they need to contribute positively to young generation .	1
5198	 That is the reason why celebrities nowadays give more good influence on young people than they were previously .	1
5199	 Mobile phones : faster communication vs social problems	0
5200	 Recently , there has been a social concern with regard to whether or not mobiles phones have negative effects on our social life .	0
5201	 Indeed , mobile phones have widely been used by people of all ages .	0
5202	 However , I believe , this great invention in the 21st century causes many problems in our society .	1
5203	 In the first place , spending too much time on mobiles phones many exert an adverse effect on our social skills .	1
5204	 For example , as people , especially teenagers increasingly tend to focus on their phones , they may lose their interests on daily activities such as meeting with friends , and this lack of communication may impair their future negotiation and interpersonal skills .	1
5205	 Moreover , continuous use of mobile phones may also damage children ' s eyesight and physical posture .	1
5206	 As a result , it is harmful for us to use mobile phones frequently .	1
5207	 Furthermore , the growing number of mobiles games will impact their mental development .	1
5208	 For instance , there many game applications available online and many of them are quite aggressive in nature .	1
5209	 In these games , children are rewarded to help their characters to kill or shoot monsters or characters controlled by other players , and this many lead to development of aggressive feelings , thoughts and behaviors .	1
5210	 Consequently , frequent conflicts may occur during communication .	1
5211	 However , we may perceive this issue from different viewpoints .	0
5212	 Mobile phones , such as smart phones , has made our communication easy and convenience .	1
5213	 The reason is that , as most of the telecommunication companies provide us with access to the internet via our phones , people are able to enjoy sending instant messages and making international calls free of charge .	1
5214	 Thus , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication .	1
5215	 To sum up , although mobile phones make our communication faster , it also gives rise to many social problems such as children ' s social skills and their mental health .	1
5216	 Therefore , i highly advocate that we should use mobile phone in moderation in order to avoid these serious problems .	0
5217	 The environment problems facing today ' s world are so great	0
5218	 Nowadays , many countries are concerned with the environment problems .	0
5219	 There is a viewpoint that the government and big firms should assume the responsibility to protect the environment and normal citizens have nothing to do for that .	0
5220	 Personally , I think both government and common people should have the responsibility for the environment , but we need to analyze some specific situations .	1
5221	 On one hand , solving some environmental problems needs large budgets and various technologies , and the government and corporations have the ability to deal with these problems .	1
5222	 For example , air pollution and water quality has concerned many countries , and the government is able to implement some policies and invest money to reduce air pollution , while companies also can enhance their technologies to curb emission of contaminated water and substances .	1
5223	 However , individuals are unable to cope with these things .	1
5224	 Besides , the government and firms could have significant influences on environmental awareness of people .	1
5225	 It is necessary for every citizen to have the awareness and knowledge of environment protection .	1
5226	 This means that we should convey corresponding policies and knowledge to the public and society , and the government controls many influential media , such as TV stations and newspapers , which can provide plenty of environmental knowledge and related policies to citizens .	1
5227	 On the other hand , it is possible for ordinary people to participate in some actions of environment protection , and they also can benefit from the improvement of environment .	1
5228	 For instance , many people driving private cars could cause air pollution , and overusing plastic packages would affect the environment .	1
5229	 If people can gradually change some lifestyles in these daily activities , this will have many significant impacts on environmental improvement .	1
5230	 In conclusion , the government and corporations should take more responsibility for addressing environmental issues , but every citizen also can contribute to the environment .	1
5231	 Is it necessary to teach children handwriting ?	0
5232	 In this age of modern technology , some people usually underestimate the importance of teaching handwriting for children .	0
5233	 To some people , it is considered as an arduous and time consuming task .	0
5234	 From my point of view , children are those who need to be under instruction of handwriting for several reasons .	1
5235	 Despite the convenience from up - to - date facilities , handwriting still plays a vital role in students ' learning .	1
5236	 Firstly , this approach is a basis tool used in several fields such as taking notes , doing homework and writing .	1
5237	 It enables to improve learners ' spelling capacity and accompany reading or writing disabilities as well .	1
5238	 Under the guidance of parents or teachers , children can benefit from practicing handwriting .	1
5239	 This way of writing will encourage them to pay more attention on content , elaborate in details and develop their organization abilities .	1
5240	 Secondly , parents and schools should give priority on directing their kids about handwriting as poor handwriting can have a negative impact on students ' school performance .	1
5241	 The fact is that kids who are bad at handwriting meet difficulties in taking notes and catching up lessons .	1
5242	 It resulted in the missing of information and the lack of details during their works .	1
5243	 Moreover , the increasing taking advantage of advanced equipment could make students be lazier and more subjective in their writing skills .	1
5244	 For example , with the assistance of automatic grammar and spelling checking in office word , learners are now no need for noticing much in their mistakes .	1
5245	 To conclude , no matter how fast and convenient modern devices bring to us in writing , handwriting is still a needed skill for all of people , especially students at the early age .	1
5246	 The tax reduction of state school for parents who have children studying in private system	0
5247	 Some people who send their children to private schools contend that the amount of taxes they pay for the state education is unreasonable .	0
5248	 However , I am utterly convinced that these taxes are absolutely essential .	1
5249	 Firstly , by paying taxes for public school , affluent people effectively contribute to narrowing down the gap between rich and poor .	1
5250	 It is true that many poor families are not able to afford tuition fees for their kids to attend a course .	1
5251	 With the the tax amount for which they pay , the rich may help a vast number of students from families with poverty background to continue their studies , and earn a better quality of life .	1
5252	 Secondly , the tax reduction for parents of children studying in private schools would lead to a waste of public capital .	1
5253	 Obviously , this reduction would cause a difficulty to the tax calculation ; therefore , the government would have to recruit a greater workforce in order to handle this sophisticated issue .	1
5254	 In addition , the government would also pay the salary for the excessive officials , and this would result in insufficient investments in other crucial public sectors such as education or health care .	1
5255	 Many parents supporting for the idea of tax discounts claim that such tax payments are unfair for them .	1
5256	 They point out that it is irrational to require them to pay for the taxes they do not use .	1
5257	 Nevertheless , we also pay for the public services that we even do not experience a chance to employ like police or fire brigade .	1
5258	 We certainly do not hope for a reduction for these sorts of taxes .	1
5259	 On the whole , I do believe that taxes paying for state schools are necessary to be compulsory for all members of society no matter where their children enroll in .	1
5260	 Arts and public services are both important to the community and should be invested properly	0
5261	 There has been wide opinion that Government should invest more money on public services rather than arts such as music and theatre .	0
5262	 However , in my perspective , both public services and arts worth investment .	1
5263	 It is obvious axiomatic that indispensable public services like hospital and school worth every penny investing .	1
5264	 Investing in hospitals helps improve people ' s health , also , in schools assists with raising our children ' s education level .	1
5265	 Apparently if these facilities were not spent adequately , our standard of living would deteriorate .	1
5266	 But our standard of living also depend on another factor - spiritual life which is related closely with arts .	1
5267	 Arts include many forms and music as well as cinema are the most typical .	1
5268	 These two art forms not only provide the public with entertainment but also contribute significantly to the economy .	1
5269	 The income of film and music industries produce millions of dollars each year for the Goverment , for instance K - pop and Hollywood , and these industries can not survive without goverment ' s financial assistance .	1
5270	 The long and the short of it , both arts and public services are important to the community and should be invested properly .	1
5271	 Modern technology has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways	0
5272	 Nowadays , technology has been developing significantly , impacting many aspects of our life .	0
5273	 While there is belief that technology advances means a lost in traditional cultures , I would argue that although the affect of technology on culture is undeniable , it has also contributed to the preservation of traditonal culture .	1
5274	 Thanks to modern technology , our life has been improved with many gadgets .	1
5275	 The invention of mobile phone and internet has changed our traditional ways of communicating as well as working , it has also been much less labourous than in the pass with the assistance of electrical machineries .	1
5276	 However , these newfangled practices has replaced many old traditional ones .	1
5277	 For instance , factories equipped with new and highly - productive system has replaced old handmade products , the exchange of letters among friends is so hard to be seen as we have had emails and social network instead , new video games has superseded the old - physical ones .	1
5278	 Many old traditionally cultural things have long gone as a result of modern technology .	1
5279	 However , despite the drawback mentioned above , technology has also made some contributions to the maintenance and study of traditional cultures in some ways .	1
5280	 Internet has aided to assess the young generations to the cultural identity of many nations from all around the world .	1
5281	 With the help of advanced methods , many art masterpiece has been well restorated and well preserved .	1
5282	 Modern devices also assist the scientists to study the ancient societies much more deeply , hence discovering more cultural traces .	1
5283	 To give a brief conclusion , Modern technogy has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways .	1
5284	 Drugs , alcohol and messy sex lives	0
5285	 Celebrities , for example movie stars , are usually seen on media living a luxury life or having a new girlfriend , etc .	0
5286	 It is human nature that people , especially youngsters , are attracted to the celebrities they favour , and that is why the media prefer to cover as much news of the celebrities as possible .	0
5287	 But I tend to think that this is a worrying tread which has negative impact on children .	1
5288	 The first impression of the celebrities seems that they are rich while not having to work hard .	1
5289	 This gives children the idea that it is not necessary to study hard at school for a better career and earning a living .	1
5290	 Further more , they will not value other people ' s hard work and take everything for granted .	1
5291	 Meanwhile , not all celebrities are role models .	1
5292	 It is not uncommon to see on the media that some of them are committing to crimes or misbehaving such as being addicted to drugs or alcohols , having messy sex lives .	1
5293	 Worse still , without proper parenting , children may perceive that this is the cool life people are supposed to be living .	1
5294	 Of course , some celebrities , e . g . writers , passionate entrepreneurs are good examples to children for they share fascinating stories or how to pursue their goal by doing something that has a meaning to them and may change the world .	1
5295	 In conclusion , media should shift its focus from covering celebrities to elsewhere .	1
5296	 Meanwhile , children ' s access to the celebrities news on the media should be restricted and they should study only from the celebrities who can act positively .	0
5297	 Fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth	0
5298	 In today ' s world , having and raising children can be a very difficult task for families , the smallest component of the society .	0
5299	 While mother ' s role is essential in a child ' s life , I completely agree with the idea that fatherhood is a as vital part of a healty parantage as much as motherhood .	1
5300	 The first reason why the father ' s role should be equal to the mother ' s role is the nature of parantage .	1
5301	 In my view , the role models within a family play a significant role in the development of the child ' s characteristics .	1
5302	 For example , in a traditional Turkish family , while a mother has a sincere and thoughtful approach to the child , a father role must be present as authoritarian and conversative to raise a well - behaved child .	1
5303	 The second reason why I believe that fatherood is as important as motherhood is the dynamics of the relationships today .	1
5304	 In my opinion , we are living in a society that puts a significant importance to gender equality in every aspect of the life , including relationships .	1
5305	 For instance , a family formed by a woman with a housewife role who looks after the home and takes care of children and a man who brings money home can not be seen anymore in today ' s society .	1
5306	 Instead , all of the couple duties are performed equally and interchangeably by individuals .	1
5307	 Therefore , I believe that having and raising children should not be different than any other daily activity .	1
5308	 In conclusion , fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth due to providing appropriate parenthood and having healthy family relationships .	1
5309	 Children should studying hard or playing sport ?	0
5310	 Both can improve their future	0
5311	 Some people believe that studying hard is essential part for children , otherwise others people think that playing sport is waste of time .	0
5312	 In my point of view , both of studying hard and playing sports are part of life to children .	1
5313	 On the other hand , studying hard will give children a better future .	1
5314	 Studying hard gives children with a plenty of knowledge and skills for their future .	1
5315	 Naturally , children will be growing up and looking for their job .	0
5316	 For instance , children who always studying hard and getting high achievement , it will be easy to pass qualification for work and they are more likely to find great work at multinational company .	1
5317	 If they working at multinational company as the result is they can earn higher salary .	1
5318	 The message is when you always studying harder than others you will get best results .	1
5319	 At the same time , playing sports will give good effects on children .	1
5320	 There are many popular sports among children such as football , basketball , and volleyball .	0
5321	 Also , there are many benefit when children doing sport .	1
5322	 Firstly , children who always playing sport like football , they will be active as a person and learn to become team - player .	1
5323	 It will be good for children , because indirectly they will learn how to socialize each other as a team .	1
5324	 That will make children getting lots of friends , so they can contribute positively to community .	1
5325	 Secondly , playing sport makes children getting healthy and become children ' s well - being .	1
5326	 In conclusion , both studying hard at school and playing sports can improve children ' s future .	1
